Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 Form 10K MARK ONE  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 OR  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transion period from to Broadcom Inc. Delaware 3421 Hillview Ave 00138449 352617337 State or Other Jurisdicon of Palo Alto, CA 94304 Commission File Number I.R.S. Employer Incorporaon or Organizaon Idenficaon No.  650 4276000 Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter Address of Principal Execuve Offices, Including Zip Code Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code Securies registered pursuant to Secon 12b of the Act Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Common Stock, $0.001 par value AVGO The NASDAQ Global Select Market Securies registered pursuant to Secon 12g of the Act None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a wellknown seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securies Act. Yes  No  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Secon 13 or Secon 15d of the Act. Yes  No  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant 1 has filed all reports required to be filed by Secon 13 or 15d of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports, and 2 has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  No  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submied electronically every Interacve Data File required to be submied pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulaon ST 232.405 of this chapter during the preceding 12 months or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files. Yes  No  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a nonaccelerated filer, a smaller reporng company, or an emerging growth company. See the definions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporng company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer  Accelerated filer  Nonaccelerated filer  Smaller reporng company  Emerging growth company  If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transion period for complying with any new or revised financial accounng standards provided pursuant to Secon 13a of the Exchange Act.  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and aestaon to its managements assessment of the effecveness of its internal control over financial reporng under Secon 404b of the SarbanesOxley Act 15 U.S.C. 7262b by the registered public accounng firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  If securies are registered pursuant to Secon 12b of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correcon of an error to previously issued financial statements.  Indicate by check mark whether any of those error correcons are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incenvebased compensaon received by any of the registrants execuve officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D1b.  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b2 of the Act. Yes  No  The aggregate market value of vong and nonvong common equity held by nonaffiliates as of May 3, 2024, based upon the closing sale price of such shares on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date was approximately $583.1 billion. As of November 29, 2024, there were 4,687,356,156 shares of our common stock outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference Porons of the registrants definive proxy statement for its 2025 annual meeng of stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10K where indicated. The registrants definive proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securies and Exchange Commission within 120 days aer the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. 2024 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 16 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 31 ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY 32 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 32 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 33 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 33 PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 34 ITEM 6. RESERVED 35 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 36 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 47 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 49 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 92 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 92 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 93 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 93 PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 94 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 94 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 94 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 94 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 94 PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 95 ITEM 16. FORM 10K SUMMARY 101 SIGNATURES 102 1 Table of Contents PART I The following discussion should be read in conjuncon with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. This Annual Report on Form 10K contains forwardlooking statements within the meaning of the federal securies laws and parcularly in Item 1 Business, Item 1A Risk Factors, Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Item 7 Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condion and Results of Operaons of this Annual Report on Form 10K. These statements are indicated by words or phrases such as ancipate, expect, esmate, seek, plan, believe, could, intend, will, and similar words or phrases. Forwardlooking statements provide current expectaons of future events based on certain assumpons and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. These forwardlooking statements may include our projected financial results or expectaons regarding acquisions, developments in technology, products and seasonality of our business. Such statements are based on current expectaons, esmates, forecasts and projecons of our industry performance and macroeconomic condions, based on managements judgment, beliefs, current trends and market condions, and involve risks and uncertaines that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forwardlooking statements. We derive most of our forwardlooking statements from our operang budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumpons. While we believe that our assumpons are reasonable, we cauon that it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and it is impossible for us to ancipate all factors that could affect our actual results. Accordingly, we cauon you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectaons include, but are not limited to, those disclosed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10K. We undertake no intent or obligaon to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to Broadcom, we, our, and us mean Broadcom Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. We operate on a 52 or 53week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. The fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 was a 53week year. We refer to our fiscal years by the calendar year in which they end. 2 Table of Contents ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons. Our over 60year history of innovaon dates back to our diverse origins from ATTBell Labs, Lucent and HewlePackard Company, and evolved with LSI Corporaon, Broadcom Corporaon, Brocade Communicaons Systems LLC, CA, Inc., Symantec Enterprise Security, and VMware, Inc. VMware. Over the years, we have assembled a large team of semiconductor and soware design engineers around the world. We maintain design, product and soware development engineering resources at locaons in the U.S., Asia, Europe and Israel, providing us with engineering experse worldwide. We combine global scale, engineering depth, broad product porolio diversity, superior execuon and operaonal focus to deliver categoryleading semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor CMOS based devices and analog IIIV based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including arficial intelligence AI networking and connecvity, home connecvity, settop boxes STB, broadband access, telecommunicaon equipment, smartphones and base staons, data center servers and storage systems, factory automaon, power generaon and alternave energy systems, and electronic displays. We differenate ourselves through our highperformance design and integraon capabilies and focus on developing semiconductor products for target markets where we believe we can earn aracve margins. Our infrastructure soware soluons help enterprises simplify their informaon technology IT environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage, and secure applicaons across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud plaorms. Many of the largest companies in the world, including most of the Fortune 500, and many government agencies rely on our soware soluons to help manage and secure their onpremises and hybrid cloud environments, private cloud infrastructure and AI data centers. Our porolio of industryleading infrastructure and security soware is designed to modernize, opmize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automaon, insights, resiliency and security, making it easy for customers to run their missioncrical workloads. We also offer missioncrical fibre channel storage area networking FC SAN products and related soware in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporang mulple semiconductor products. On November 22, 2023, we acquired VMware in a cashandstock transacon the VMware Merger, in which VMware stockholders received, in aggregate, approximately $30.8 billion in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock on a split adjusted basis with a fair value of $53.4 billion. We funded the cash poron of the VMware Merger consideraon with net proceeds from the issuance of $30.4 billion in term loans under a credit agreement that we entered into on August 15, 2023, as well as cash on hand. Following the VMware Merger, we sold VMwares enduser compung business to KKR  Co. Inc. for cash consideraon of $3.5 billion, aer working capital adjustments. With the VMware Merger, we have bolstered our infrastructure soware soluons and are able to offer our customers a greater capacity to address complex IT infrastructure issues. Business Strategy Our strategy is focused on technology leadership and categoryleading semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons delivering a comprehensive suite of innovave infrastructure technology products to the worlds leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through strategic acquisions of businesses and technologies, as well as extensive internal research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology market leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operang and financial results. Products and Markets Semiconductor Soluons Semiconductors are made by imprinng a network of electronic components onto a semiconductor wafer. These devices are designed to perform various funcons such as processing, amplifying and selecvely filtering electronic signals, controlling electronic system funcons and processing, and transming and storing data. Our digital and mixed signal products are based on silicon wafers with CMOS transistors offering fast switching speeds and low power consumpon, which are both crical design factors for the markets we serve. We also offer analog products, which are based on IIIV semiconductor materials that have higher electrical conducvity than silicon, and thus tend to have beer performance characteriscs in radio frequency RF, and optoelectronic applicaons. IIIV refers to elements from the 3rd and 5th groups in the periodic table of chemical elements. Examples of these materials used in our products are gallium arsenide GaAs and indium phosphide InP. 3 Table of Contents Our product porolio ranges from discrete devices to complex subsystems that include mulple device types and may also incorporate firmware for interfacing between analog and digital systems. In some cases, our products include mechanical hardware that interfaces with optoelectronic or capacive sensors. We focus on markets that require high quality, leading technology and integrated performance characteriscs of our products. The table below presents our key semiconductor product families and their major end markets and applicaons. Major End Markets Major Applicaons Key Product Offerings Networking  Data Center, Service Provider, and Enterprise  Ethernet switching and roung silicon Networking  Custom silicon soluons  Opcal and copper PHYs  Fiber opc transmier and receiver components Wireless  Mobile Device Connecvity  RF front end modules and filters  WiFi, Bluetooth, GPSGNSS SoCs  Custom touch controllers  Inducve charging ASICs Storage  Servers and Storage Systems  SAS and RAID controllers and adapters  PCIe switches  Fibre channel host bus adapters  Ethernet NIC  HDD and SSD  Read channel based SoCs Custom flash controllers  Preamplifiers Broadband  STB and Broadband Access  STB SoCs  DSLPON gateways  DOCSIS cable modem and networking infrastructure  DSLAMPON opcal line terminaon  WiFi access point SoCs Industrial  Factory Automaon, Renewable Energy and  Optocouplers Automove Electronics  Industrial fiber opcs  Industrial and medical sensors  Moon control encoders and subsystems  Light eming diodes  Ethernet PHYs, switch ICs and camera microcontrollers Data Center, Service Provider, and Enterprise Networking Soluons. We provide semiconductor soluons for managing the movement of data in data center, service provider, and enterprise networking applicaons. Our products offer an enhanced, open, standardsbased Ethernet network interface card NIC and switching soluon to resolve connecvity bolenecks in data centers, parcularly in AI data centers where compute bandwidth and cluster sizes grow rapidly.  Ethernet Switching  Roung Ethernet is a ubiquitous interconnecon technology that enables highperformance and costeffecve networking infrastructure. We offer a broad set of Ethernet switching and roung products that are opmized for AI data center, service provider and enterprise networks. In the data center market, our high capacity, low latency, switching silicon supports advanced protocols around virtualizaon and mul pathing. Our Ethernet switching fabric technologies provide the ability to build highly scalable flat networks supporng tens of thousands of servers. Our service provider switch porolio enables carrier networks to support priorized delivery of data traffic in the wireless backhaul, access, aggregaon and core of their networks. For enterprise networks, we offer product families with secure, encrypted switching capabilies and support lower power modes that comply with industry standards around energy efficient Ethernet.  Custom Silicon Soluons We provide advanced technology and intellectual property IP plaorms for customers to design and develop applicaon specific integrated circuits ASICs targeng AI and highperformance compung, networking and storage applicaons. Our custom silicon provides the plaorm to integrate embedded logic, memory, serializerdeserializer SerDes technology, IP cores and processor cores. ASICs are custom products built to individual customers specificaons.  Physical Layer Devices These devices, also referred to as PHYs, are transceivers that enable the recepon and transmission of Ethernet data packets over a physical medium such as copper wire or opcal fibers. Our high 4 Table of Contents performance Ethernet transceivers are built upon a proprietary digital signal processing communicaon architecture opmized for highspeed network connecons and support the latest standards and advanced features, such as energy efficient Ethernet, data encrypon and me synchronizaon. We also offer a range of automove Ethernet products, including PHYs, switches and camera microcontrollers, to meet growing consumer demand for in vehicle connecvity and smart vision.  Fiber Opc Components We supply a wide array of opcal components to the Ethernet networking, storage, and access, metro and longhaul telecommunicaon markets. Our opcal components enable the high speed recepon and transmission of data through opcal fibers. Mobile Device Connecvity Soluons. We provide a broad variety of RF semiconductor devices, wireless connecvity soluons, custom touch controllers and inducve charging soluons for the wireless market.  RF Semiconductor Devices Our RF semiconductor devices selecvely filter, as well as amplify and route, RF signals. Filters enable modern wireless communicaon systems to support a large number of subscribers simultaneously by ensuring that the mulple transmissions and recepons of voice and data streams do not interfere with each other. We were among the first to deliver commercial film bulk acousc resonator FBAR filters that offer technological advantages over compeng filter technologies, to allow mobile handsets to funcon more efficiently in todays congested RF spectrum. FBAR technology has a significant market share within the cellular handset market. Our RF products include mulchip module frontend modules that integrate transmitreceive switching and filtering funcons for mulple frequency bands, filter modules and discrete filters, all using our proprietary FBAR technology. Our experse in FBAR technology, amplifier design, and module integraon enables us to offer industryleading performance in cellular RF transceiver applicaons.  Connecvity Soluons Our connecvity soluons include discrete and integrated WiFi and Bluetooth soluons, and global posioning systemglobal navigaon satellite system GPSGNSS receivers, designed for use in mobile devices including smartphones, tablets and wearable products. WiFi allows devices on a local area network to communicate wirelessly, adding the convenience of mobility to the ulity of highspeed data networks. We offer a family of high performance, low power WiFi chipsets. Bluetooth is a low power technology that enables direct connecvity between devices. We offer Bluetooth silicon and soware soluons that enable manufacturers to easily and costeffecvely add Bluetooth funconality. These soluons include combinaon chips that offer integrated WiFi and Bluetooth funconality, which provides significant performance advantages over discrete soluons. We also offer a family of GPS, assistedGPS and GNSS semiconductor products, soware and data services. These products are part of a broader locaon plaorm that leverages a broad range of communicaons technologies, including WiFi, Bluetooth and GPS, to provide more accurate locaon and navigaon capabilies.  Custom Touch Controllers Our touch controllers process signals from touch screens in mobile handsets and tablets.  Inducve Charging ASICs Our custom inducve charging ASIC devices offer high efficiency and are highly integrated soluons for mobile and wearable devices. Servers and Storage System Soluons. We provide semiconductor soluons for enabling secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives HDD and solidstate drives SSD.  SAS, RAID  PCIe Products We provide serial aached small computer system interface SAS and redundant array of independent disks RAID controller and adapter soluons to server and storage system original equipment manufacturers OEMs. These soluons enable secure and high speed data transmission between a host computer, such as a server, and storage peripheral devices, such as HDD, SSD and opcal disk drives and disk and tapebased storage systems. Some of these soluons are delivered as standalone semiconductors, typically as a controller. Other soluons are delivered as circuit boards, known as adapter products, which incorporate our semiconductors onto a circuit board with other features. RAID technology is a crical part of our server storage connecvity soluons as it provides protecon against the loss of crical data resulng from HDD failures. We also provide interconnect semiconductors that support the peripheral component interconnect express PCIe communicaon standards. PCIe is the primary interconnecon mechanism inside compung systems today.  Fibre Channel Products We provide fibre channel host bus adapters, which connect host computers such as servers to FC SANs.  Ethernet NIC Controllers Our Ethernet NIC controllers are designed for highperformance virtualizaon, intelligent flow processing, secure data center connecvity, and machine learning. 5 Table of Contents  HDD  SSD Soluons We provide read channelbased systemonchip SoC and preamplifiers to HDD OEMs. These are the crical chips required to read, write and protect data. An HDD SoC is an integrated circuit IC that combines the funconality of a read channel, serial interface, memory and a hard disk controller in a small, highperformance, lowpower and costeffecve package. Read channels convert analog signals that are generated by reading the stored data on the physical media into digital signals. In addion, we sell preamplifiers, which are complex, high speed, mixed signal devices that enable wring and reading data to and from the HDD heads. The preamplifier interfaces with the SoC to provide the electronics data path in a HDD. We also provide custom flash controllers to SSD OEMs. An SSD stores data in flash memory instead of on a hard disk, providing high speed access to the data. Flash controllers manage the underlying flash memory in SSDs, performing crical funcons such as reading and wring data to and from the flash memory and performing error correcon, wear leveling and bad block management. Broadband Soluons. We provide semiconductor soluons for enabling STBs and broadband access applicaons.  SetTop Box We offer complete SoC plaorm soluons for cable, satellite, Internet Protocol television, overthetop and terrestrial STBs. Our products enable global service providers to introduce new and enhanced technologies and services in STBs, including transcoding, digital video recording funconality, higher definion video processing, increased networking capabilies, and more tuners to enable faster channel change and more simultaneous recordings. We are also enabling service providers in deploying High Efficiency Video Coding HEVC, a video compression format that is a successor to the H.264MPEG4 format. HEVC enables ultrahigh definion Ultra HD services by effecvely doubling the capacity of exisng networks to deploy new or exisng content. Our families of STB soluons support the complete range of resoluons, from standard definion to high definion to Ultra HD.  Broadband Access We offer complete SoC plaorm soluons for digital subscriber line DSL, cable, passive opcal networking PON and wireless local area network for both consumer premise equipment CPE and central office CO deployments. Our CPE devices are used in broadband modems, residenal gateways and WiFi access points and routers. Our CO devices, including DSL Access Mulplexer DSLAM, cable modem terminaon systems and PON opcal line terminaon medium access controllers, are empowering modern operator broadband infrastructure. Our products enable global service providers to connue deploying next generaon broadband access technologies across mulple standards, including G.fast, Data Over Cable Service Interface Specificaons DOCSIS, PON and WiFi to provide more bandwidth and faster speeds to consumers. Factory Automaon, Renewable Energy and Automove Electronic Soluons. We provide a broad variety of products for the general industrial and automove markets, including optocouplers, industrial fiber opcs, industrial and medical sensors, moon encoders, light eming diode devices, and Ethernet ICs. Our industrial products are used in a diverse set of applicaons, spanning industrial automaon, power generaon and distribuon systems, medical systems and equipment, defense and aerospace, and vehicle subsystems including those used in electric vehicle powertrain, infotainment and advanced driver assistance systems. Infrastructure Soware Our infrastructure soware soluons offer customers greater choice and flexibility to build, run, manage, connect and protect applicaons and data at scale across data center and private and hybrid cloud environments. 6 Table of Contents The table below presents our soware porolios and their key offerings. Soware Porolio Porolio Descripon Key Porolio Offerings Private Cloud  Cloud infrastructure that is ubiquitous, flexible, and integrated across on  VMware Cloud Foundaon premises, edge, public and partner clouds  VMware Cloud Foundaon Edge  VMware vSphere Foundaon  Private AI  Live Recovery  Telco Cloud Plaorm Tanzu  Comprehensive soluons for applicaon development operaons and  Tanzu Plaorm opmizaon  Tanzu Data Soluons  Tanzu CloudHealth  Tanzu Labs VeloCloud  Comprehensive sowaredefined network soluons that enable  SDWAN and SASE enterprise edge connecvity and performance over Internet, fixed  VeloRAIN wireless access and satellite while simplifying deployments and reducing costs  Fixed Wireless Access Applicaon Networking and Security  Comprehensive sowaredefined soluons featuring lateral security that  Lateral Security Firewall protects VCF applicaon traffic from malware and ransomware, and  Advanced Threat Protecon applicaon load balancing with the only plugandplay app delivery and security soluon for VCF private cloud  Advanced Load Balancing Mainframe Soware  DevOps, AIOps, Security, Workload Automaon, Data Management,  Operaonal Analycs  Management Foundaonal Soware Soluons, and Beyond Code programs  Workload Automaon  Database  Data Management  Applicaon Development  Tesng  Identy  Access Management  Compliance  Data Protecon  Security Insights  Beyond Code programs Distributed Soware  Soluons that opmize the planning, development and delivery of  ValueOps business crical services  DevOps  AIOps Enterprise Security  Comprehensive cybersecurity and compliance soluons that secure  Endpoint Security against threats and compliance risks by protecng users and data on any app, device, or network  Network Security  Informaon Security  Applicaon Security  Identy Security FC SAN Management  Soluons that transform current storage networks with autonomous SAN  Fibre Channel Switch capabilies Payment Security  Arcot payment authencaon network powered by 3D Secure  Payment Security Suite Private Cloud Soware Porolio. Our private cloud infrastructure soware delivers public cloud scale and agility with private cloud security, resilience and performance, and low overall total cost of ownership. Our VMware soware supports customers digital innovaon with faster infrastructure modernizaon, a unified cloud experience and beer plaorm security and cyber resiliency. The full porolio is available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, valueadded OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VMware Cloud Foundaon VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscripons of VCF soware and move their VCF environments between onpremises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. Advanced services for Private AI provide customers with the benefits of AI without having to compromise control of data, privacy, and compliance by bringing the AI model to customers data.  VCF VCF delivers integrated, enterpriseclass compute, networking, storage, management, and security across any environment. VCF includes nave Kubernetes to support both virtual machines and containerized workloads on a single plaorm, enables advanced AI and machine learning workloads at enterprise scale and offers integrated data services capabilies. Our soluons enhance our customers ability to connuously opmize performance and costs, protect the 7 Table of Contents business from threats and enable the business to focus on outcomes instead of operaons through advanced observability and insights.  VMware Cloud Foundaon Edge The edge compute stack designed to deliver friconless management of edge apps and infrastructure across many sites with limited resources. It efficiently manages infrastructure and applicaons at dispersed sites.  vSphere Foundaon IT Infrastructure Opmizaon vSphere Foundaon supports modern IT requirements by boosng operaonal efficiency, elevang security and supercharging workload performance, all in support of accelerang innovaon.  Private AI This soluon enables organizaons to use generave AI technologies while addressing privacy and compliance needs of the organizaon.  Live Recovery This soluon helps organizaons combat the evolving threat landscape through soluons and technologies that enable organizaonal resilience through rapid recovery of applicaons, data and crical business services.  Telco Cloud Plaorm This soluon supports network operaons for telecom operators and communicaons service providers to modernize their infrastructure and allows them to create monezable services. The modernizaon of the telecom infrastructure is crical to enabling operaonal agility, onboarding and delivering services much faster across domains and simplifying operaons with automaon. Tanzu Soware Porolio. Our applicaon development, operaons and opmizaon soluons help leading enterprises deliver highly performant applicaons and bestinclass user experiences.  Tanzu Plaorm This cloud nave applicaon plaorm accelerates soware delivery, providing plaorm engineering teams with enhanced governance and operaonal efficiency while reducing toil and complexity for development teams. Tanzu Plaorm includes access to content including enterpriseready curated distribuons of open source soware technologies used for storing and processing data. It also includes Tanzu AI Soluons, a set of capabilies that help applicaon teams deliver generave AIpowered, intelligent applicaons quickly, safely, and at scale. Tanzu Plaorm also offers teams fullstack visibility from applicaons to infrastructure and efficient modern applicaon lifecycle management across public and private clouds with Cloud Foundry andor with any conformant Kubernetes.  Tanzu Data A suite of data services that provides advanced analycal data warehouse capabilies and realme transacons and processing at massive scale with an inmemory data grid with vector database capabilies for AI use cases.  Tanzu CloudHealth This soluon simplifies financial management, streamlines operaons, and improves organizaonal collaboraon across the mulcloud environment.  Tanzu Labs This service provides handson cloud nave consulng services to help customers move soware to producon while strengthening plaorm engineering skills. VeloCloud Porolio. VeloCloud provides networking soluons to connect, secure and opmize workloads across distributed locaons. By combining our VeloRAIN Robust AI Networking architecture with seamless connecvity and outcomebased quality of service, VeloCloud provides users and devices with compute and connecvity to opmize performance, security and reliability across fixed or mobile environments, while simplifying operaons.  SDWAN and SASE Our SDWAN sowaredefined wide area network soluon, whether a part of our SASE secure access service edge architecture offering or standalone, provides a plaorm for enterprises to distribute modern applicaons and advanced AI systems while delivering security and ubiquity of access for distributed applicaons. Our SDWAN or SASE soluons bring sowaredefined networking, security and AIOps together to support ubiquitous access across fiber, cellular and satellite for opmal performance and availability for modern applicaons.  VeloRAIN Our architecture uses AI or machine learning to improve the performance and security of distributed workloads.  Fixed Wireless Access This soluon provides enterprises with reliable 5G connecvity to businesses and enterprise branches at the edge while opmizing the network through intelligence and network programmability. Applicaon Networking and Security Soware Porolio. Our applicaon networking and security soware delivers zerotrust lateral security and load balancing soluons enabling global digital organizaons to combat malware and ransomware. These sowaredefined soluons provide distributed and scale out architectures, deep visibility, plugandplay operaons and selfservice consumpon. Customers can deploy our soluons at speed and operate them at scale across all their private cloud applicaons, which can reduce the total cost of ownership. 8 Table of Contents  Lateral Security Firewall This soluon enables access control for applicaons, protects against lateral movement of threats and provides security policy recommendaons based on the workloads, and enables isolaon of sensive applicaons for enhanced regulatory compliance.  Advanced Threat Prevenon This soluon integrates mulple threat detecon and prevenon technologies to deliver comprehensive protecon from malware and ransomware aacks, including ulizing behaviorbased techniques and advanced correlaons to idenfy lateral threat movement and ransomware threat campaigns.  Advanced Load Balancing This soluon simplifies and accelerates applicaon deployments and enhances applicaon availability and resiliency to deliver load balancing at the speed of applicaons, allowing customers to leverage builtin automaon to deploy load balancing as code as part of DevOps workflows for rapid infrastructure roll out. Mainframe Soware Porolio. Our mainframe soware provides marketleading DevOps, AIOps, Cybersecurity, Workload Automaon, Data Management, and Foundaonal Soware soluons which enable customers to embrace open tools and technologies, innovate with their mainframe as part of their hybrid environment, and extend the value of their mainframe investments. Our commitment to partnering with our customers goes beyond products and technology. Through our unique Beyond Code programs we address challenges such as skills development, staffing, change management and costsaving iniaves that drive greater overall business success with the plaorm.  Operaonal Analycs  Management These soluons combine big data, machine learning and AI with mainframe experse to deliver meaningful and aconable insights to augment and automate daytoday operaons and deliver exceponal customer experiences.  Workload Automaon These soluons reduce manual effort by enabling customers to proacvely opmize resources and orchestrate automaon across enterprise applicaons and systems.  Databases  Data Management These highperformance databases and management tools store, organize, and manage mainframe data to ensure opmal performance, efficient administraon, and reliability of crical systems. Customers can also manage their mainframe data storage using modern mainframe soluons that securely store data on any device that customers choose, including the cloud. These sowareonly soluons are designed to save on costs and maintain confidence in data security.  Applicaon Development  Tesng These soluons enable customers to accelerate soware delivery while increasing code quality through the use of our agile processes and tools, and DevOps soluons. Our openfirst strategy helps customers modernize their mainframe environment through the use of open source and open applicaon programming technologies across people, process, tooling and applicaons, resulng in greater synergy and alignment with their corporate IT environment.  Identy  Access Management These soluons manage mainframe access and elevate it with modern pracces such as mulfactor authencaon and privileged user management, and support all external security managers.  Compliance  Data Protecon These soluons protect crucial mainframe data to ensure compliance, idenfy risk, proacvely respond to potenal threats, and reduce those risks to lighten the load on security management with automated idenficaon and authorizaon cleanup.  Security Insights Plaorm This soluon helps ensure a trusted environment for customers and their employees by quickly interpreng and assessing mainframe security posture, idenfying risks and developing remediaon steps on an ongoing and ad hoc basis. This data is available for use with inhouse tools for security informaon and event management.  Beyond Code Programs These valueadded offerings help ensure our customers get the most out of their mainframe investments. These offerings unlock addional value for organizaons in areas such as educang and upskilling the workforce, providing expert guidance and support for change events, and uncovering opportunies to improve efficiency and save costs. Distributed Soware Porolio. Our distributed soware soluons enable global enterprises to opmize the planning, development and delivery of soware, powering their businesscrical digital services. Our soluons are designed to enable customers to innovate, improve customer experience, and drive profitability by aligning business, development, and operaonal teams. Our products, organized in the domains of ValueOps, DevOps, and AIOps, deliver endtoend visibility across all stages of the digital lifecycle and help our customers realize beer business outcomes and beer experiences for their customers. 9 Table of Contents  ValueOps This soluon delivers value stream management capabilies that enable customers to schedule, track, and manage work throughout its lifecycle from investment planning to execuon. It aligns business and development teams across the enterprise, increasing transparency, reducing inefficiencies, and improving me to value.  DevOps This soluon offers capabilies that empower users of our agile processes and tools to track development progress and deploy releases confidently with assurance of feature completeness, highquality and reduced risk. Key stakeholders have a single view of key insights into release progress, health, quality, defect trends, and metrics that drive focus, gauge readiness, and help to ensure successful, quality releases.  AIOps This soluon combines applicaon, infrastructure and network monitoring and correlaon with intelligent remediaon capabilies to help customers create more resilient producon environments and improve customer experience. Enterprise Security Porolio. Our Enterprise Security soluons help organizaons and governments secure against threats and compliance risks by protecng their users and data on any app, device, or network. Our integrated cyber defense approach simplifies cybersecurity with comprehensive soluons designed to secure crical business assets across onpremises and cloud infrastructures. Enterprise Security soluons ulize rich threat intelligence from a global network of security engineers, threat analyst and researchers, as well as advanced AI and machine learning engines, enabling customers to protect data, connect authorized users with trusted applicaons, and detect and respond to the most advanced targeted aacks.  Endpoint Security Endpoints are the crical last line of defense against cyber aackers. Our Symantec and Carbon Black endpoint security soluons prevent, detect and respond to emerging threats across all devices and operang systems including laptops, desktops, tablets, mobile phones, servers and cloud workloads through an AI driven security console and single agent.  Network Security Email and web access are the lifeblood and essenal communicaon means for every modern organizaon. We have a full array of network security soluons, as well as a shared set of advanced threat protecon technologies to stop inbound and outbound threats targeng end users, informaon and key infrastructure.  Informaon Security Informaon protecon and compliance is crical to managing risk. We offer integrated informaon security soluons, based on an efficient, singlepolicy that can be applied across the enre environment, to help organizaons idenfy and protect risky users, applicaons and their most sensive data everywhere across endpoints, onpremises networks, cloud services and private applicaons.  Applicaon Security Applicaons are increasingly targeted by cyber aackers. Our soluons secure crical systems, prevent unwanted changes, and ensure connuous compliance with regulatory mandates. Carbon Black soluons employ a posive security model that secures oen overlooked use cases such as endoflife operang systems, crical systems, fixed funcon devices, and airgapped systems.  Identy Security User idenes are under aack by cyber criminals hoping to exploit their access and privileges and do harm. Our soluon migates these aacks by posively idenfying legimate users, enforcing granular access control policies, and streamlining access governance to prevent unauthorized access to sensive resources and data. FC SAN Management. We also offer missioncrical FC SAN products designed to help customers reduce the cost and complexity of managing business informaon within a shared data storage environment, enabling high levels of availability of missioncrical applicaons in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporang mulple semiconductor products. We deliver reliable and simplified management of these FC SAN products through our soware based management tools designed to maximize upme, dramacally simplify storage area networking deployment and management, and provide high levels of visibility and insight into the storage network. Our Brocade Fibre Channel switch products provide interconnecon, bandwidth and highspeed switching between servers and storage devices which are in a FC SAN. Payment Security Porolio. Our payment security suite is a soware as a service SaaSbased payment authencaon service to help banks and merchants protect against fraud and ensure a hasslefree online shopping experience for their customers. 10 Table of Contents Research and Development We are commied to connuous investment in product development and enhancement, with a focus on rapidly introducing new, proprietary products and releases. Many of our products have grown out of our own research and development efforts, and have given us compeve advantages in certain target markets due to performance differenaon. However, we opportuniscally seek to enhance our capabilies through the acquision of engineers with complementary research and development skills and complementary technologies and businesses. We focus our research and development efforts on the development of missioncrical, innovave, sustainable and higher value product plaorms and those that improve the quality and stability in our broadly deployed products. We leverage our design capabilies in markets where we believe our innovaon and reputaon will allow us to earn aracve margins by developing high valueadd products. We plan to connue invesng in product development, both organically and through acquisions, to drive growth in our business. We also invest in process development and improvements to product features and funcons, as well as fabricaon capabilies to opmize processes for devices that are manufactured internally. Our field applicaon engineers, design engineers, and product and soware development engineers are located in many places around the world, and in many cases, near our top customers. This enhances our customer reach and our visibility into new product opportunies and, in the case of our semiconductor customers, enables us to support our customers in each stage of their product development cycle, from the early stages of producon design to volume manufacturing and future growth. By collaborang with our customers, we have opportunies to develop high valueadded, customized products for them that leverage our exisng technologies. We ancipate that we will connue to make significant research and development investments in order to maintain our compeve posion, and to ensure a connuous flow of innovave and sustainable product plaorms. Customers, Sales and Distribuon We sell our products through our direct sales force and a select network of distributors and channel partners globally. Distributors and OEMs, or their contract manufacturers, typically account for the substanal majority of our semiconductor sales. A relavely small number of customers account for a significant poron of our net revenue. Sales to distributors accounted for 48% and 57% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 40% and 35% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. We expect to connue to experience significant customer concentraon in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operaons and financial condion. Many of our semiconductor customers design products in North America or Europe that are then manufactured in Asia. To serve customers around the world, we have strategically developed relaonships with large global electronic component distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relaonships based on their respecve product ranges. We also sell our products to a wide variety of OEMs or their contract manufacturers. We have established strong relaonships with leading OEM customers across mulple target markets. Our direct sales force focuses on supporng our large OEM customers, and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customers organizaon. Certain customers require us to contract with them directly and with specified intermediaries, such as contract manufacturers. Many of our major customer relaonships have been in place for many years and are oen the result of years of collaborave product development. This has enabled us to build our extensive IP porolio and develop crical experse regarding our customers requirements, including substanal systemlevel knowledge. This collaboraon has provided us with key insights into our customers businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and producve and to beer serve our target markets and customers. Many of our customers and their contract manufacturers oen require me crical delivery of our products to mulple locaons around the world. With sales offices located in various countries, our primary warehouse in Malaysia, and dedicated regional customer support call centers, where we address customer issues and handle logiscs and other order fulfillment requirements, we believe we are wellposioned to support our customers throughout the design, technology transfer and manufacturing stages across all geographies. Our soware customers generally consist of large enterprises that have compung environments from mulple vendors and are in most major industries worldwide, including banks, insurance companies, other financial services providers, government agencies, global IT service providers, telecommunicaon providers, transportaon companies, manufacturers, technology companies, retailers, educaonal organizaons and health care instuons. Our private cloud infrastructure suite of soluons are available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, valueadded OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscripons of VCF soware and move their VCF environments between onpremises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. We remain focused on strengthening relaonships and increasing penetraon within our exisng core, mainframe, VMware, and Symantec endpoint customers and expanding the adopon of our enterprise soware offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprisewide license model will connue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. 11 Table of Contents Manufacturing We focus on maintaining an efficient global supply chain and a variable, lowcost operang model. Accordingly, we outsource a majority of our manufacturing operaons, ulizing thirdparty foundry and assembly and test capabilies, as well as some of our corporate infrastructure funcons. The majority of our frontend wafer manufacturing operaons is outsourced to external foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited TSMC. We use thirdparty contract manufacturers for a significant majority of our assembly and test operaons, including TSMC, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Foxconn Technology Group, Amkor Technology, Inc. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. We use our internal fabricaon facilies for products ulizing our innovave and proprietary processes, such as our FBAR filters for wireless communicaons and our vercal cavity surface eming laser and side eming lasers based on GaAs and InP lasers for fiber opc communicaons, while outsourcing commodity processes such as standard CMOS. By doing so, we can protect our IP and accelerate me to market for our products. The majority of our internal IIIV semiconductor wafer fabricaon is done in the U.S. and Singapore. We purchase materials from hundreds of suppliers on a global basis. These purchases are generally on a purchase order basis and some parts are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of me and cost necessary for redesign or qualificaon. To address the potenal disrupon in our supply chain, we may use a number of techniques, including redesigning products for alternave components, making incremental or lifeme purchases, or qualifying more than one source of supply. Our longterm relaonships with our suppliers allow us to proacvely manage our technology development and product disconnuance plans, and to monitor our suppliers financial health. We also have a long history of operang in Asia where we manufacture and source the majority of our products and materials. We store the majority of our product inventory in our warehouse in Malaysia and our presence in Asia places us in close proximity to many of our customers manufacturing facilies. Compeon The markets in which we parcipate are highly compeve. Our competors range from large internaonal companies offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets. The compeve landscape is changing as a result of a trend toward consolidaon within many industries, as some of our competors have merged with or been acquired by other competors, while others have begun collaborang with each other. We expect this consolidaon trend to connue. We expect compeon in the markets in which we parcipate to connue to increase as exisng competors improve or expand their product offerings and as new companies enter the market. Addionally, our ability to compete effecvely depends on a number of factors, including quality, technical performance, price, product features, product system compability, systemlevel design capability, engineering experse, responsiveness to customers, new product innovaon, product availability, delivery ming and reliability, and customer sales and technical support. In semiconductor soluons, we compete with integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies and the internal resources of large integrated OEMs, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., Amlogic Inc., Analog Devices, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Coherent Corp., Hamamatsu Photonics K.K., Heidenhain Corporaon, iCHaus GmbH, Intel Corporaon, Lumentum Holdings Inc., MACOM Technology Soluons Holdings, Inc., Marvell Technology, Inc., MaxLinear, Inc., MediaTek Inc., Microchip Technology Incorporated, Mitsubishi Electric Corporaon, Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd., NVIDIA Corporaon, NXP Semiconductors N.V., ON Semiconductor Corporaon, OSRAM Licht AG, Qorvo, Inc., Qualcomm Inc., Realtek Semiconductor Corp., Renesas Electronics Corporaon, Skyworks Soluons, Inc., STMicroelectronics N.V., Sumitomo Corporaon, Synapcs Incorporated, Texas Instruments, Inc., TDKEPC Corporaon, Toshiba Corporaon, and Wolfspeed, Inc. fka Cree, Inc.. In infrastructure soware, we compete with large enterprise soware vendors who connue to expand their product and service offerings and consolidate offerings into broad product lines, and smaller, niche players focused on specific markets, such as Atlassian Corporaon, Plc, BeyondTrust Corporaon, BMC Soware Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc., CyberArk Soware, Ltd., DinoSoware Corporaon, Fornet, Inc., Hewle Packard Enterprise Company, Internaonal Business Machines Corporaon, Microso Corporaon, New Relic, Inc., OpenText Corporaon, Oracle Corporaon, Palo Alto Networks, Inc., Proofpoint, Inc., Rocket Soware, Inc., SailPoint Technologies Holdings, Inc., Salesforce.com, Inc., ServiceNow, Inc., SolarWinds Corporaon, Versa Networks, Inc., and Zscaler, Inc. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combinaon of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and similar IP, as well as customary contractual protecons with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants, and through security measures to protect our trade secrets. We believe our current product experse, key engineering talent and IP porolio provide us with a strong plaorm from which to develop applicaon specific products in key target markets. 12 Table of Contents As of November 3, 2024, we had 20,870 U.S. and other patents and 2,650 U.S. and other pending patent applicaons. The expiraon dates of our patents range from 2024 to 2043, with a small number of patents expiring in the near future, none of which are expected to be material to our IP porolio. We are not substanally dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. We focus our patent applicaon program to a greater extent on those invenons and improvements that we believe are likely to be incorporated into our products, as contrasted with more basic research. However, we do not know how many of our pending patent applicaons will result in the issuance of patents or the extent to which the examinaon process could require us to narrow our claims. We and our predecessors have also entered into a variety of IP licensing and crosslicensing arrangements that have both benefited our business and enabled some of our competors. A poron of our revenue comes from IP licensing royalty payments and from ligaon selements relang to such IP. We also license thirdparty technologies that are incorporated into some elements of our design acvies, products and manufacturing processes. Historically, licenses of the thirdparty technologies used by us have generally been available to us on acceptable terms. The industries in which we compete are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protecon and enforcement of IP rights, including by patent holding companies that do not make or sell products. Some of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for thirdparty IP infringement claims arising from our products. Claims of this sort could harm our relaonships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With respect to any IP rights claims against us or our customers or distributors, we may be required to defend ourselves or our customers or distributors in ligaon, cease manufacturing the infringing products, pay damages, expend resources to develop noninfringing technology, seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other IP rights. In addion, the proprietary porons of our source code for our infrastructure soware products are protected both as a trade secret and as copyrighted works. Except with respect to soware components that are subject to open source licenses, our customers do not generally have access to the source code for our products. Rather, onpremises customers typically access only the executable code for our products, and SaaS customers access only the funconality of our SaaS offerings. Under certain conngent circumstances, some of our customers are beneficiaries of a source code escrow arrangement that would enable them to obtain a limited right to access and use our source code if specific condions are met. Employees Our connued success depends on our ability to aract, movate and retain our workforce in a highly compeve labor market. Specifically, as the source of our technological and product innovaons, our engineering and technical personnel are a crical asset. We measure our employees engagement by our voluntary arion rate and employee feedback. Our global voluntary arion rates in fiscal year 2024 were approximately 2.9% excluding employees who joined Broadcom as a result of the VMware Merger and approximately 6.2% including employees who joined Broadcom as a result of the VMware Merger, which are both below the technology industry benchmark AON, 2024 Salary Increase and Turnover Study  Second Edion, September 2024. We also track the poron of our workforce in research and development roles. As of November 3, 2024, we had approximately 37,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 55% in research and development roles. By geography, approximately 48% of our employees are located in North America, 36% in Asia, and 16% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Governmental Regulaon We are subject to numerous regulaons and laws in the United States and abroad involving maers central to our business. Many of these laws and regulaons are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. We are subject to regulaon by the U.S. Occupaonal Safety and Health Administraon and similar health and safety laws in other jurisdicons. We believe that our properes and operaons at our facilies comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilies cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the applicaon of environmental, health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur significant expenditures. In addion, our business is subject to various importexport regulaons, such as the U.S. Export Administraon Regulaons, and applicable execuve orders, and rules of industrial standards bodies, like the Internaonal Organizaon for Standardizaon, as well as regulaon by other agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC. These laws, 13 Table of Contents regulaons and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited noce, have generally and may connue to become more stringent over me. We may incur significant expenditures in future periods as a result. Our semiconductor manufacturing operaons and research and development involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under internaonal, federal, state and local laws governing health, safety and the environment. These regulaons include limitaons on discharge of pollutants to air, water, and soil remediaon requirements product chemical content limitaons manufacturing chemical use and handling restricons polluon control requirements waste minimizaon consideraons and treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also regulated under a number of internaonal, federal, state and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements, including legislaon enacted in the U.S., European Union and China, among a growing number of jurisdicons, which have placed greater restricons on the use of lead, among other restricted substances, in electronic products, which affects materials composion and semiconductor packaging. Seasonality Historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half, primarily due to seasonality in our wireless communicaons products. These products have historically experienced seasonality due to launches of new mobile devices manufactured by our OEM customers. However, from me to me, typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the ming of customer deployments, significant product transions and launches by large OEMs, parcularly with our AI and wireless communicaons products. We have a diversified business porolio and we believe that our overall revenue is less suscepble to seasonal variaons as a result of this diversificaon. Available Informaon Our website is www.broadcom.com. At the Investor Center page on this website, we promptly make available free of charge the reports we file or furnish pursuant to Secon 13a or 15d of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934 the Exchange Act with the Securies and Exchange Commission the SEC, as well as our proxy statements. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other informaon are also available at the SECs website at www.sec.gov. The informaon posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10K. Informaon About Our Execuve Officers The following table provides informaon regarding our execuve officers as of December 20, 2024 Name and Title Age Posion and Offices Hock E. Tan 73 President, Chief Execuve Officer and Director Kirsten M. Spears 60 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounng Officer Mark D. Brazeal 56 Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. 54 President, Semiconductor Soluons Group Hock E. Tan has served as our President and Chief Execuve Officer since March 2006. He was President and Chief Execuve Officer at Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc. ICS, a publicly traded ming soluons IC company, from 1999 unl its acquision by Integrated Device Technology, Inc. in 2005. He also served in a number of execuve posions at ICS, including Chief Operang Officer from 1996 to 1999 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 1999. He was Vice President of Finance at Commodore Internaonal, Ltd. from 1992 to 1994, and held senior management posions at PepsiCo, Inc. and General Motors Corporaon. He was also managing director of Pacven Investment, Ltd., a venture capital fund in Singapore, from 1988 to 1992, and was managing director of Hume Industries Ltd. in Malaysia from 1983 to 1988. Kirsten M. Spears has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounng Officer since December 2020. She served as our Principal Accounng Officer from March 2016 to December 2020 and Vice President and Corporate Controller from May 2014 to December 2020. She was Vice President and Corporate Controller at LSI Corporaon from 2007 unl its acquision by us in 2014. She held several management posions in accounng and reporng at LSI from 1997 to 2007. She also worked for PriceWaterhouseCoopers prior to joining LSI. Mark D. Brazeal has served as our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer since December 2021. He served as our Chief Legal Officer from March 2017 to December 2021. He was Chief Legal Officer and Senior Vice President, IP Licensing for SanDisk Corporaon from 2014 unl its acquision by Western Digital Corporaon in 2016. He held several senior legal posions at Broadcom Corporaon from 2000 to 2014, including Senior Vice President and Senior Deputy General Counsel in charge of all commercial, operaonal, IP licensing and ligaon maers. He was also an aorney in the transaconal and IP groups at the law firms of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich  Rosa, Yuasa  Hara and Howrey  Simon prior to joining Broadcom Corporaon. 14 Table of Contents Charlie B. Kawwas has served as our President, Semiconductor Soluons Group since July 2022. He served as our Chief Operang Officer from December 2020 to July 2022, Senior Vice President and Chief Sales Officer from June 2015 to December 2020 and Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales from May 2014 to June 2015. He was head of worldwide sales at LSI Corporaon from 2010 unl its acquision by us in 2014. He held several execuve leadership posions at LSI from 2007 to 2010, including Vice President of Sales and Markeng for the networking division and Vice President of Markeng for the networking and storage products group. He was also the leader of Product Line Management for the Opcal Ethernet and Mulservice Edge porolio at Nortel Networks Corporaon prior to joining LSI. 15 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, operaons and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertaines, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condion, results of operaons, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forwardlooking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communicaons with investors and oral statements. Addional risks, trends and uncertaines not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condion, results of operaons, cash flows, our reputaon or the trading price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, operaons and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business  Adverse global economic condions could have a negave effect on us.  Our business is subject to various governmental regulaons and trade restricons.  Global polical and economic condions and other factors related to our internaonal operaons could adversely affect us.  Failure to realize the benefits expected from the VMware Merger could adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock.  We have pursued, and may in the future pursue mergers, acquisions, investments, joint ventures and disposions, which could adversely affect our results of operaons.  We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners.  We are dependent on senior management and if we are unable to aract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effecvely.  Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidenality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.  A significant reducon in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business.  We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry.  We make investments in research and development and the slow or unsuccessful return of our investments in research and development could adversely affect us.  Winning business in the semiconductor soluons industry is subject to a lengthy process that oen requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ulmately generate no revenue.  Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of crical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market.  We purchase a significant amount of the materials used in our products from a limited number of suppliers.  Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operaons.  A prolonged disrupon of our or our suppliers manufacturing facilies, research and development facilies, warehouses or other significant operaons could have a material adverse effect on us.  We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilies.  We may be involved in legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our business.  Failure of our soware products to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business.  The growth of our soware business depends on customer acceptance of our newer products and services.  Incompability of our soware products with operang environments, plaorms, or thirdparty products may adversely affect demand for our products and services.  Failure to enter into soware license agreements on a sasfactory basis could adversely affect us.  Our use of open source soware in certain products and services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion and results of operaons. 16 Table of Contents  Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertaines and addional governmental regulaons.  Failure to effecvely manage our products and services lifecycles could harm our business.  Our operang results are subject to substanal quarterly and annual fluctuaons.  Compeon in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue.  Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin.  If we are unable to protect the significant amount of IP we ulize in our business, our business could be adversely affected.  We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability.  The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs.  We are subject to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business.  We must comply with a variety of technical standards, domesc and internaonal laws and regulaons in the manufacture and distribuon of our semiconductors.  Environmental, social and governance maers may adversely affect our relaonships with customers and investors. Risks Relang to Our Taxes  Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results.  If our tax incenves or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase.  We have potenal tax liabilies as a result of VMwares former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condion and operang results. Risks Relang to Our Indebtedness  Our substanal indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. Risks Relang to Owning Our Common Stock  Our stock price may be volale and your investment could lose value.  There can be no assurance that we will connue to declare cash dividends. For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic condions could have a negave effect on our business, results of operaons and financial condion and liquidity. A general slowdown in the global economy or in a parcular region or industry, other unfavorable changes in economic condions, such as inflaon, higher interest rates, ghtening of the credit markets, recession or slowing growth, or an increase in trade tensions with U.S. trading partners could negavely impact our business, financial condion and liquidity. Adverse global economic condions have from me to me caused or exacerbated significant slowdowns in the industries and markets in which we operate, which have adversely affected our business and results of operaons. Macroeconomic weakness and uncertainty also make it more difficult for us to accurately forecast operang results, and may make it more difficult to raise or refinance debt. An escalaon of trade tensions between the U.S. and China has resulted in trade restricons, increased proteconism and increased tariffs that harm our ability to parcipate in Chinese markets or compete effecvely with Chinese companies. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic condions and further escalaon of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, and the decoupling of the U.S. and China economies, could result in a global economic slowdown and longterm changes to global trade. Such events may also i cause our customers and consumers to reduce, delay or forgo technology spending, ii result in customers sourcing products from other suppliers not subject to such restricons or tariffs, iii lead to the insolvency or consolidaon of key suppliers and customers, and iv intensify pricing pressures. Any or all of these factors could negavely affect demand for our products and our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Our business is subject to various governmental regulaons. Compliance with these regulaons may cause us to incur significant expense and failure to maintain compliance with applicable regulaons could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to various domesc and internaonal laws and other legal requirements, including ancompeon and importexport regulaons, such as the U.S. Export Administraon Regulaons, and applicable execuve 17 Table of Contents orders. These laws, regulaons and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited noce, and generally become more stringent over me. We may be required to incur significant expense to comply with, or to remedy violaons of, these regulaons. In addion, if our customers fail to comply with these regulaons, we may be required to suspend sales to these customers, which could damage our reputaon and negavely impact our results of operaons. The U.S. government may connue to add companies to its restricted enty list andor technologies to its list of prohibited exports to specific countries, which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on our revenue and our ability to sell our products. These restricve governmental acons and any similar measures that may be imposed on U.S. companies by other governments, especially in light of ongoing trade tensions with China, will likely limit or prevent us from doing business with certain of our customers or suppliers and harm our ability to compete effecvely or otherwise negavely affect our ability to sell our products. Furthermore, government authories may take retaliatory acons, impose condions for the supply of products or require the license or other transfer of IP, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our products and operaons are also subject to regulaon by U.S. and nonU.S. regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. We have previously been, and may in the future be, involved or required to parcipate in regulatory invesgaons or inquiries, such as the ongoing invesgaon by the Korean Fair Trade Commission into certain of our contracng and business pracces, which have previously and may in the future evolve into legal or other administrave proceedings. Growing public concern over concentraon of economic power in corporaons is leading to increased ancompeon legislaon, regulaon, administrave rule making and enforcement acvity. Involvement in regulatory invesgaons or inquiries can be costly, lengthy, complex and me consuming, diverng the aenon and energies of our management and technical personnel. If any pending or future governmental invesgaons result in an unfavorable resoluon, we could be required to cease the manufacture and sale of the subject products or technology, pay fines or disgorge profits or other payments, andor cease certain conduct andor modify our contracng or business pracces, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Global polical and economic condions and other factors related to our internaonal operaons could adversely affect our business, financial condion and results of operaons. A majority of our products are produced, sourced and sold internaonally and our internaonal revenue represents a significant percentage of our overall revenue. Mulple factors relang to our internaonal operaons and to parcular countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. These factors include  changes in polical, regulatory, legal or economic condions, geopolical turmoil including ChinaTaiwan relaons, including terrorism, war or polical or military coups, statesponsored or polically movated cyberaacks, or civil disturbances or polical instability foreign and domesc  restricve governmental acons, such as restricons on the transfer or repatriaon of funds and foreign investments, data privacy regulaons, climate change regulaons and trade protecon measures, including increasing proteconism, importexport restricons including with regards to advanced technologies, importexport dues and quotas, trade sancons and customs dues and tariffs, all of which have increased and may further increase  changes in global tax regulaons  difficulty in obtaining product distribuon and support, and transportaon delays  potenal inability to localize soware products  difficulty in enforcing contracts, collecng accounts receivables and maintaining appropriate financial controls  difficulty in conducng due diligence with respect to business partners  public health or safety concerns, medical epidemics or pandemics, and other natural or manmade disasters and  naonalizaon of businesses and expropriaon of assets. A significant legal risk associated with conducng business internaonally is compliance with the various and differing laws and regulaons of the many countries in which we do business. Although our policies prohibit us, our employees and our agents from engaging in unethical business pracces, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, distributors or other agents will refrain from acng in violaon of our related ancorrupon or other policies and procedures. Any such violaon could have a material adverse effect on our business. 18 Table of Contents Failure to realize the benefits expected from the VMware Merger could adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. As part of our integraon of the VMware business, we are focusing on VMwares core business of creang private cloud environments onpremises among large enterprises globally and divesng noncore assets. If VMware customers do not accept our business strategy, including our transion from a perpetual to a subscripon licensing model and our simplified product porolio, the investments we have made or may make to implement our strategy may be of no or limited value, we may lose significant customers, our financial results may be adversely affected and our stock price may suffer. Although we expect significant benefits to result from the VMware Merger, if we do not successfully manage the challenges inherent in integrang an acquired business, we may not realize these benefits, and our revenue, expenses, operang results, financial condion and stock price could be materially adversely affected. Achieving these benefits will depend, in part, on our ability to integrate VMwares business successfully and efficiently and VMware customers accepng our business strategy, including our transion from a perpetual to a subscripon licensing model and our simplified product porolio. The successful integraon of the VMware business has required, and will connue to require, significant management aenon, and may divert the aenon of management from other business and operaonal issues. We have pursued, and may in the future pursue, mergers, acquisions, investments, joint ventures and disposions, which could adversely affect our results of operaons. Our growth strategy includes acquiring or invesng in businesses that offer complementary products, services and technologies, or enhancing our market coverage or technological capabilies. Any acquisions we may undertake, including the VMware Merger, and their integraon involve risks and uncertaines, which could impede the execuon of our business strategy, such as  U.S. and nonU.S. regulatory approval may take longer than ancipated, not be forthcoming or contain burdensome condions  unexpected delays, challenges and related expenses, and disrupon of our business  diversion of managements aenon from daily operaons and the pursuit of other opportunies  incurring significant restructuring charges and amorzaon expense, assuming liabilies and ongoing or new lawsuits, potenal impairment of acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and increasing our expenses and working capital requirements  the potenal for deficiencies in internal controls of the acquired business, as well as implemenng our own management informaon systems, operang systems and internal controls for the acquired operaons  our due diligence process may fail to idenfy significant issues with the acquired business products, financial disclosures, accounng pracces, legal, tax and other conngencies, compliance with local laws and regulaons and interpretaons thereof in the U.S. and mulple internaonal jurisdicons  difficules integrang the acquired business or company and in managing and retaining acquired employees, vendors and customers and  inaccuracies in our original esmates and assumpons used to assess a transacon, which may result in us not realizing the expected financial or strategic benefits of any such transacon. From me to me, we seek to divest or wind down porons of our business or exit minority investments, any of which could materially affect our cash flows and results of operaons. Such disposions involve risks and uncertaines, including disrupon to other parts of our business, potenal loss of employees or customers, or exposure to unancipated liabilies or ongoing obligaons following any such disposions. In addion, disposions may include the transfer of technology andor the licensing of certain IP rights to thirdparty purchasers that limits our ability to ulize such IP rights or assert these rights against third pares. Such events could have a material adverse impact on our business and operaons. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sellthrough. We sell our products through a direct sales force and a select network of distributors and other channel partners globally. Sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue in fiscal year 2024 and are subject to a number of risks, including  fluctuaons in demand based on our distributors product inventory levels, and the ming of delivery to and demand of end customers  our distributors and other channel partners are generally not subject to minimum sales requirements or any obligaon to market our products to their customers and may market and distribute compeng products and 19 Table of Contents  our distributors and other channel partners agreements are generally nonexclusive and may be terminated at any me without cause. Our dependence on channel partners has increased following the VMware Merger. Failure to maintain good relaonships with our distributors and channel partners could adversely impact our business. In addion, we sell our semiconductor products through an increasingly limited number of distributors, which exposes us to addional customer concentraon and related credit risks. From me to me, we enlist our distributors and channel partners to lead gotomarket and customer relaonships for certain products, such as our Accelerate Program and Catalyst Iniave for certain infrastructure soware products, with certain sole distribuon relaonships by region. To the extent these distributors and channel partners fail to maintain good relaonships with our customers or we are unable to connue enlisng our distributors and channel partners to lead gotomarket and customer relaonships, our business, operang results and cash flow may be adversely impacted. We do not always have a direct relaonship with the end customers of our products. As a result, our semiconductor products may be used in applicaons for which they were not necessarily designed or tested, and the misuse or failure of our semiconductor products could result in significant liabilies to us, damage our reputaon and harm our business, operang results and cash flow. Our business would be adversely affected by the departure of exisng members of our senior management team. Our success depends, in large part, on the connued contribuons of our senior management team, in parcular the services of Hock E. Tan, our President and Chief Execuve Officer. Effecve succession planning is also important for our longterm success. Failure to ensure effecve transfers of knowledge and smooth transions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execuon. None of our senior management is bound by wrien employment contracts. In addion, we do not currently maintain key person life insurance covering our senior management. The loss of any of our senior management could harm our ability to implement our business strategy and respond to the rapidly changing market condions in which we operate. If we are unable to aract and retain qualified personnel, especially our engineering and technical personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effecvely. Our future success depends on our ability to aract, retain and movate qualified personnel. As the source of our technological and product innovaons, our engineering and technical personnel, such as our AIrelated product engineers and cybersecurity experts, are a significant asset. Compeon for these employees is significant in many areas of the world in which we operate, parcularly in Silicon Valley and Southeast Asia where qualified engineers are in high demand. In addion, current or future immigraon laws may make it more difficult to hire or retain qualified engineers, further liming the pool of available talent. We believe equity awards provide a powerful longterm retenon incenve and have historically granted these awards to the substanal majority of our employees. If we are unable to connue our current equity granng philosophy or our stock underperforms, this could impair our efforts to aract and retain necessary personnel. Any inability to retain, aract or movate such personnel and provide compeve employment benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidenality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, including cloudbased and other crical corporate services relang to, among other things, product research and development, financial reporng, product orders and fulfillment, HR, benefit plan administraon, IT network management, and electronic communicaon and collaboraon services. These systems and services are both internally managed and outsourced, and in many cases we rely upon thirdparty data centers. Any failure of these internal or thirdparty systems and services to operate effecvely could disrupt our operaons and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Our operaons are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business connuity events that could have a significant disrupve effect. Although these systems are designed to protect and secure our customers, suppliers and employees confidenal informaon, as well as our own proprietary informaon, we are, out of necessity, dependent on our vendors to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. In addion, soware products we use and technologies produced by us have occasionally had in the past and may have in the future, vulnerabilies that, if le unmigated, could reduce the overall level of security of the systems on which the soware is installed. Cyberaacks are increasing in number and sophiscaon, are wellfinanced, in some cases supported by state actors, and are designed to not only aack, but also to evade detecon. Since the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to systems, or to otherwise sabotage them, change frequently and are oen not recognized unl launched against a target, we 20 Table of Contents may be unable to ancipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventave measures. The emergence and maturaon of AI capabilies may also lead to new andor more sophiscated methods of aack, including fraud that relies upon deep fake impersonaon technology or other forms of generave automaon that may scale up the efficiency or effecveness of cyber threat acvity. As a crical vendor in the digital supply chain for both governmental enes and crical infrastructure operators, we and our products may be targeted by those seeking to threaten the confidenality, integrity and availability of systems supporng essenal public services. Geopolical instability may increase the likelihood that we will experience direct or collateral consequences from cyber conflicts between naonstates or other polically movated actors targeng crical technology infrastructure. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access to our informaon systems or the systems of our service providers and business partners, or the existence of computer viruses or malware such as ransomware in our or their data or soware have in the past exposed, and could in the future expose, us to a risk of informaon loss, business disrupon, and misappropriaon of proprietary and confidenal informaon, including informaon relang to our products or customers and the personal informaon of our employees or third pares. Such an event could disrupt our business and result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputaon, loss of our trade secrets and other compeve informaon, ligaon by affected pares and possible financial obligaons for liabilies and damages related to the the or misuse of such informaon, significant remediaon costs, disrupon of key business operaons and significant diversion of our resources, as well as fines and other sancons resulng from any regulatory non compliance, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, profitability and financial condion. While we may be entled to damages if our vendors fail to perform under their agreements with us, any award may be insufficient to cover the actual costs incurred by us and, as a result of a vendors failure to perform, we may be unable to collect any damages. Despite our internal controls and investment in security measures, we have, from me to me, been subject to disrupve cyberaacks and unauthorized network intrusions and malware on our own IT networks or those of our service providers or business partners. Although no such cybersecurity incidents have been material to us, we connue to devote resources to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access or misuse, and we may be required to expend greater resources in the future. Businesses we acquire have previously increased, and may connue to increase, the scope and complexity of our IT networks, and this has, from me to me, increased our risk exposure to cyberaacks when there are difficules integrang diverse legacy systems that support operaons for the acquired businesses. In addion, certain aspects of effecve cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees, contractors and other trusted partners reliably safeguarding secrets e.g., applicaon credenals and adhering to our security policies and access control mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and expect in the future to experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle such secrets or adhere to such policies and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat will not result in a material cyber incident. Our logging, alerng and cyber incident detecon mechanisms may not cover every system potenally targeted by threat actors, may not have the capability to detect certain types of unauthorized acvies, and may not capture and surface informaon sufficient to enable us to mely detect and take responsive acon to insider or external threats. U.S. and nonU.S. regulators, as well as customers and service providers, have also increased their focus on cybersecurity vulnerabilies and risks. Compliance with laws, regulaons, and contractual provisions concerning privacy, cybersecurity, secure technology development, data governance, data protecon, confidenality and IP could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authories or other third pares and may also increase our overall compliance burden. See also Failure of our soware products to manage and security IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business. The majority of our sales have historically come from a small number of customers and a reducon in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. We have historically depended on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respecve contract manufacturers CMs and certain distributors for a majority of our business and revenue. For fiscal year 2024, sales to distributors accounted for 48% of our net revenue. We believe aggregate sales, through all channels, to our top five end customers accounted for approximately 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2024. This customer concentraon increases the risk of quarterly fluctuaons in our operang results and our sensivity to any material adverse developments experienced by these customers. 21 Table of Contents Our semiconductor customers are not generally required to purchase specific quanes of products. Even when customers agree to source an agreed poron of their product needs from us, such arrangements oen include pricing schedules or methodologies that apply regardless of the volume of products purchased, and those customers may not purchase the amount of product we expect. As a result, we may not generate the amount of revenue or achieve the level of profitability we expect under such arrangements. Moreover, our top customers purchasing power has, in some cases, given them the ability to make greater demands on us with regard to pricing and contractual terms in general. Some customers may even reduce the amount of products or decline to purchase due to their internal development of the products. The loss of, or any substanal reducon in sales to, any of our top customers, including our hyperscale customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion, results of operaons and cash flows. We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is characterized by rapid price erosion, wide fluctuaons in product supply and demand, constant and rapid technological change, evolving technical standards, evolving markets such as AI, frequent new product introducons, and short product life cycles. From me to me, these factors, together with changes in general economic condions, cause significant upturns and downturns in the industry and in our business. The market for AIrelated products has resulted in a significant upturn in certain segments of the industry resulng in record revenue, which may not be sustainable. Previously the industry experienced a significant upturn due to a supply imbalance that resulted in record profitability and increases in average selling prices, which was followed by a downcycle resulng in diminished demand for enduser products, high inventory levels and periods of inventory adjustment, and eliminaon of expedite fees. Historically, such downcycles have also been characterized by underulizaon of manufacturing capacity, changes in revenue mix and accelerated erosion of average selling prices, which can lead to reduced profitability and a decline in our stock price. The Creang Helpful Incenves to Produce Semiconductors for America Act could also result in an increase in supply leading to excess inventory and a decrease in average selling prices. We expect our business to connue to be subject to cyclical downturns even when overall economic condions are relavely stable. If we cannot offset industry or market downturns, our net revenue may decline and our financial condion and results of operaons may suffer. We make investments in research and development and the slow or unsuccessful return of our investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion and results of operaons. The industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new technological trends such as AI and cloud compung, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introducons and enhancements, short product cycles, evolving industry standards and new delivery methods. In addion, to compete successfully in the semiconductor industry, we must connue to develop and respond to technological advancements and requirements, such as lowpower consumpon, higher bandwidth and increase in the number of clusters. Failure to successfully develop increasingly advanced technologies, including ASICs such as custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AIrelated products, could impair our compeve posion. In order to remain compeve, we have made, and expect to connue to make, significant investments in research and development. If we fail to mely develop new and enhanced products and technologies, if we focus on technologies that do not become widely adopted, or if new compeve technologies that we do not support become widely accepted, demand for our products such as our custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AIrelated products may be reduced. Increased investments in research and development, or slow or unsuccessful research and development efforts, would have a negave impact on our financial results. Winning business in the semiconductor soluons industry is subject to a lengthy process that oen requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ulmately generate no revenue. Our semiconductor business is dependent on us winning compeve bid selecon processes, known as design wins. These selecon processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. Failure to obtain a parcular design win may prevent us from obtaining design wins in subsequent generaons of a parcular product. This can result in lost revenue and can weaken our posion in future selecon processes. Winning a product design does not guarantee sales to a customer. Customers could delay or cancel plans, fail to qualify our products, reduce or disconnue use of our products or fail to successfully market and sell their products, which could reduce demand for our products and cause us to hold excess inventory, materially adversely affecng our business, financial condion and results of operaons. In addion, the ming of design wins is unpredictable and implemenng producon for a major design win or mulple design wins at the same me, such as our design wins for our custom AI accelerators or XPUs and other AIrelated products, may strain our resources and those of our CMs. In such event, we may be forced to dedicate significant addional resources such as product engineering and incur addional costs and expenses, which we expect to connue for our AIrelated products. These risks are exacerbated by the fact that many of our products, such as our AIrelated products, are dependent on our connued success in the development and quality of our products and product engineering. 22 Table of Contents Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of crical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputaon and adversely affect our results of operaons. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally ulizes CMs, such as thirdparty wafer foundries. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with stateoftheart fabricaon equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one parcular fab or foundry, either our own or with a parcular CM. Qualifying and establishing reliable producon at acceptable yields with a new CM, if at all, is a lengthy and oen expensive process. We depend on our CMs to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a mely basis. We do not generally have longterm capacity commitments with our CMs and substanally all of our manufacturing services are on a purchase order basis with no minimum quanes. Further, our CMs may fail to mely develop or successfully implement new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transions to smaller geometry process technologies. From me to me, our CMs may also cease to, or become unable to, manufacture a component for us. TSMC, one of our CMs, manufactured approximately 95% of the wafers manufactured by our CMs during fiscal year 2024. We believe our wafer requirements represent a meaningful poron of TSMCs total producon capacity. However, TSMC also fabricates wafers for other companies, including some of our competors, and could choose or be required to priorize capacity for other customers or reduce or eliminate deliveries to us on short noce. In addion, TSMC has, and may in the future, raise their prices to us. If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may be unable to meet our customer demand, or to the same extent as our competors, fail to meet our contractual obligaons or forgo revenue opportunies. This could damage our relaonships with our customers, result in ligaon for alleged failure to meet our obligaons, or result in payment of significant damages, and our net revenue could decline, adversely affecng our business, financial condion, results of operaons and gross margin. We purchase a significant amount of the materials, including components, used in our products from a limited number of suppliers. Our manufacturing processes and those of our CMs rely on many materials, including silicon, GaAs and InP wafers, copper lead frames, precious and rare earth metals, mold compound, ceramic packages and various chemicals and gases. During fiscal year 2024, we purchased approximately twothirds of our manufacturing materials from five materials suppliers, some of which are single source suppliers. The lead me needed to idenfy and qualify a new supplier is typically lengthy and there is oen no readily available alternave source. We do not generally have longterm contracts with our materials suppliers and substanally all of our purchases are on a purchase order basis. Suppliers may extend lead mes, limit supplies, place products on allocaon or increase prices, any of which could disrupt supply or increase demand in the industry. Addionally, the supply of these materials may be negavely impacted by increased trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, parcularly China. Any such supply constraints could result in loss of revenue opportunies and adversely impact our business, financial condion and results of operaons. A prolonged disrupon of our or our suppliers manufacturing facilies, research and development facilies, warehouses or other significant operaons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Although we operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model, we also rely on our own manufacturing facilies, in parcular in Fort Collins, Colorado, Singapore, and Breinigsville, Pennsylvania. Our Fort Collins and Breinigsville facilies are the sole sources for the FBAR components used in many of our wireless devices and for the InPbased wafers used in our fibre opcs products, respecvely. Many of our facilies, and those of our CMs and suppliers, are concentrated in the same geographic regions of California and the Pacific Rim, which have above average seismic acvity and severe weather acvity, and increases the risk of natural disasters impacng mulple suppliers. In addion, a significant majority of our research and development personnel are located in the Czech Republic, India, Israel, and the U.S., and our primary warehouse is in Malaysia. A prolonged disrupon at or shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilies or warehouses or those of our CMs or suppliers, due to natural or manmade disasters or other events outside of our control, such as climate change, water shortages, polical unrest, military conflicts, geopolical turmoil, trade tensions, government orders, labor shortages, medical epidemics, economic instability, equipment failure or for any other reason, would limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development unl a replacement facility and equipment, if necessary, were found. To date, such events have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However, such an event could disrupt our operaons, forgo revenue opportunies, potenally lose market share, result in us being unable to mely sasfy customer demand, expose us to claims by our customers, result in significant expense to repair or replace our affected facilies, and, in some 23 Table of Contents instances, could significantly curtail our research and development efforts in a parcular product area or target market, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. This disrupon could also prevent our customers from resuming their own manufacturing following such an event, they may cancel or scale back their orders from us and this may in turn adversely affect our results of operaons. Such events could also result in increased fixed costs relave to the revenue we generate and adversely affect our results of operaons. Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operaons. We make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, producon schedules, levels of reliance on contract manufacturing and outsourcing, internal fabricaon ulizaon and other resource requirements, based on customer requirements or esmates thereof, which may not be accurate. Many factors could impact our esmates of customers demands, including changes in product development cycles, compeng technologies and product releases, new or unexpected enduser products, such as demand for AIrelated products, and changes in business and economic condions. If we are unable to mely respond to changes in customer demand, this could damage our customer relaonships, harm our reputaon, prevent us from taking advantage of opportunies and adversely impact our business, financial condion and results of operaons. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilies, which could adversely affect our relaonships with our customers, and our business, financial condion and results of operaons. We must maintain appropriate capacity and product yields at our own manufacturing facilies to meet ancipated customer demand. From me to me, this requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilies, which may not be sufficient or in me, to meet customer demand and we may have to put customers on product allocaon, forgo sales or lose customers as a result. Conversely, if we overesmate customer demand, we would experience excess capacity and fixed costs at these facilies will not be fully absorbed, which could adversely affect our results of operaons. Similarly, reduced product yields, due to design or manufacturing issues or otherwise, may involve significant me and cost to remedy and cause delays in our ability to supply product to our customers, all of which could cause us to forgo sales, incur liabilies or lose customers, and harm our results of operaons. We may be involved in legal proceedings, including IP, securies ligaon, and employeerelated claims, which could, among other things, divert efforts of management and result in significant expense and loss of our IP rights. We are oen involved in legal proceedings, including cases involving our IP rights and those of others, commercial maers, acquisionrelated lawsuits, securies class acon lawsuits, employeerelated claims and other acons. Ligaon or selement of such acons, regardless of their merit, have been, and can connue to be, costly, lengthy, complex and me consuming, diverng the aenon and energies of our management and technical personnel. The industries in which we operate are characterized by companies holding large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and vigorously pursuing, protecng and enforcing IP rights, including acons by patentholding companies that do not make or sell products. From me to me, third pares assert against us and our customers and distributors their IP rights to technologies that are important to our business. We may be required to indemnify our customers or purchasers for thirdparty IP infringement claims, including costs to defend those claims, and payment of damages in the case of adverse rulings. However, our CMs and suppliers may or may not be required to indemnify us should we or our customers be subject to such thirdparty claims. Claims of this sort could also harm our relaonships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. If any pending or future proceedings result in an adverse outcome, we could be required to  cease the manufacture, use or sale of the infringing products, processes or technology andor make changes to our processes or products  pay substanal damages for past, present and future use of the infringing technology, including up to treble damages if willful infringement is found  expend significant resources to develop noninfringing technology  license technology from the third party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all  enter into crosslicenses with our competors, which could weaken our overall IP porolio and our ability to compete in parcular product categories  pay substanal damages to our direct or end customers to disconnue use or replace infringing technology with noninfringing technology or 24 Table of Contents  relinquish IP rights associated with one or more of our patent claims. Any of the foregoing results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Failure of our soware products to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments could have a material adverse effect on our business. Certain aspects of our soware products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cyberaacks. Open source code or other thirdparty soware used in these products could also be targeted and may make our products vulnerable to addional security risks not posed by purely proprietary products. Our products are complex and, when deployed, may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilies, some of which may not be discovered before the product has been released, installed and used by customers. The complexity and breadth of our technical and producon environments, which involve globally dispersed development and engineering teams, increases the risk that errors, defects or vulnerabilies will be introduced and may delay our ability to detect, migate or remediate such incidents. In the past, elements of our proprietary source code have been exposed in an unauthorized manner. It is possible that such exposure of source code could reveal unknown security vulnerabilies in our products that could be exploited by malicious actors. Our products are also subject to known and unknown security vulnerabilies resulng from integraon with thirdparty products or services. Although we connually seek to improve our countermeasures to prevent such incidents, we may be unable to ancipate every scenario and it is possible that certain cyber threats or vulnerabilies will be undetected or unmigated in me to prevent an aack or an accidental incident on us and our customers. Addionally, efforts by malicious cyber actors or others could cause interrupons, delays or cessaon of our product licensing, or modificaon of our soware, which could cause us to lose exisng or potenal customers. A successful cyberaack involving our products could cause customers and potenal customers to believe our services are ineffecve or unreliable and result in, among other things, the loss of customers, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputaon, difficulty in markeng our products, and allegaons by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligaons, and give rise to significant costs, including costs related to developing soluons or indemnificaon obligaons under our agreements. Any such event could adversely impact our revenue and results of operaons. See also Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidenality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The growth of our soware business depends on demand for our data center virtualizaon products, as well as customer acceptance of our products, services and business strategy. Many of our soware products and services are based on data center virtualizaon and related hybridcloud technologies used to manage distributed compung architectures, which form the foundaon for hybridcloud compung. Enabling businesses to modernize applicaons and efficiently implement their hybridcloud services presents new and difficult technological, operaonal and compliance challenges. If businesses build new or shi exisng compute workloads offpremises to public cloud providers, this could limit the market for onpremises deployments of our data center virtualizaon products. Current and future customers may not perceive benefits associated with adopng our hybridcloud and enterprisegrade private cloud plaorm or our simplified product porolios. If demand is significantly less than ancipated or we fail to realize the expected returns on our business strategy, our business, financial condion, results of operaons and cash flows may be adversely affected. If our soware products do not remain compable with everchanging operang environments, plaorms, or thirdparty products, demand for our products and services could decrease, which could materially adversely affect our business. We may be required to make substanal modificaon of our products to maintain compability with operang systems, systems soware and computer hardware used by our customers or to provide our customers with desired features or capabilies. We must also connually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerang market trends and compeve developments, such as the emergence of advanced persistent threats in the security space, to compete effecvely. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adapt our products in response to these developments. Further, our soware soluons interact with a variety of soware and hardware developed by third pares, as well as cloud providers. If we lose access to thirdparty code and specificaons for the development of code or cloud providers fail to support our products or otherwise limit the funconality, compability or cerficaon of our products or otherwise impose unfavorable terms and condions, this could negavely impact our ability to develop compable soware. This could result in higher research and development costs for the enhancement and modificaon of our exisng products or development of 25 Table of Contents new products. Any addional restricons could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion and operang results and cash flow. Failure to enter into soware license agreements on a sasfactory basis could materially adversely affect our business. Many of our exisng soware customers have mulyear enterprise soware license agreements, some of which involve substanal aggregate fee amounts. These customers oen do not have a contractual obligaon to purchase addional soluons and oen have terminaon for convenience clauses without payment of a substanve penalty. The failure or inability to renew customer agreements of similar scope, on terms that are commercially aracve to us, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion and operang results and cash flow, or soware license agreements without terminaon for convenience clauses could cause our operang results to fluctuate. Our use of open source soware in certain products and services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion, operang results and cash flow. Many of our products and services incorporate open source soware, the use of which may subject us to certain condions, including the obligaon to offer such products for no cost or to make the proprietary source code of those products publicly available. Open source licenses are generally asis and do not provide warranes, support or assurance of tle or controls on origin, which may expose us to potenal liability if the soware fails to work or has security vulnerabilies. Although we monitor our use of open source soware to avoid subjecng our products to unintended condions and security vulnerabilies, we may receive thirdparty claims regarding our compliance with the condions of such open source licenses and we may be required to take steps to remedy an alleged infringement or noncompliance, including modifying or releasing our product code or paying damages. Our sales to government customers subject us to uncertaines and governmental regulaons, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our contracts signed with the U.S. federal, state and local government and nonU.S. government agencies are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval and may be renegoated or terminated at the discreon of the government. Terminaon, renegoaon or the lack of funding approval for a contract could adversely affect our sales, revenue and reputaon. Addionally, our government contracts and our arrangements with channel partners who may sell directly to government customers are generally subject to requirements that may generally not be present in commercial contracts andor may be complex, as well as audits and invesgaons. Failure to meet contractual requirements could result in various civil and criminal acons and penales, and administrave sancons, including terminaon of contracts, refund of a poron of fees received, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from doing business with the government, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion, operang results and cash flow. Failure to effecvely manage our products and services lifecycles could harm our business. As part of the natural lifecycle of our products and services, customers are informed when products or services will be reaching their end of life or end of availability and will no longer be supported or receive updates and security patches. If these products or services remain subject to a service contract, the customer may transion to alternave products or services. Failure to effecvely manage our products and services lifecycles could lead to customer dissasfacon and contractual liabilies, which could adversely affect our business and operang results. Our operang results are subject to substanal quarterly and annual fluctuaons. Our operang results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuaons may occur on a quarterly and annual basis and are due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addion to many of the risks described elsewhere in this Risk Factors secon, these factors include, among others  the ming of launches by our customers of new products in which our products are included and changes in enduser demand for our customers products  fluctuaons in the levels of component or product inventories held by our customers, which may lead to increased requests to delay shipment of our semiconductor products  the shi to cloudbased IT soluons and services, such as hyperscale compung, which may adversely affect the ming and volume of sales of our semiconductor products for use in tradional enterprise data centers  the ming and extent of our soware license and subscripon revenue, and other nonproduct revenue  the ming of new soware contracts and renewals, including the ming of soware contracts that do not have terminaon for convenience clauses 26 Table of Contents  the ming of any terminaons of soware contracts that require us to refund to customers any prepaid amounts under the contract  the ming of contracts with distributors and channel partners to lead gotomarket and customer relaonships for certain products  our ability to mely develop, introduce and market new products and technologies  new product announcements and introducons by us or our competors  seasonality or other fluctuaons in demand in our markets  ming and amount of research and development and related new product expenditures, and the ming of receipt of any research and development grant monies and  ming of any regulatory changes, parcularly with respect to trade sancons and customs dues and tariffs, and tax reform, or changes in the interpretaon or enforcement of exisng requirements. The foregoing factors are oen difficult to predict, and these, as well as other factors, could materially adversely affect our quarterly or annual operang results. In addion, a significant amount of our operang expenses are relavely fixed in nature. Any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shorall could magnify the adverse impact of such revenue shorall on our results of operaons. As a result, we believe that quartertoquarter comparisons of our revenue and operang results may not be meaningful or reliable indicators of our future performance. If our operang results in one or more future quarters fail to meet the expectaons of securies analysts or investors, a significant decline in the trading price of our common stock may occur, which may happen immediately or over me. Compeon in our industries could prevent us from growing our revenue. The industries in which we operate are highly compeve and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements, oen aggressive pricing pracces and, in some cases, new delivery methods. We expect compeon in these industries to connue to increase as exisng competors improve or expand their product offerings or as new competors enter our markets. In addion, the trend toward consolidaon is changing the compeve landscape. We expect this trend to connue, which may result in combined competors having greater resources than us. Some of our competors have longer operang histories, greater name recognion or presence in key markets, a larger installed customer base, larger technical staff, a more comprehensive IP porolio or beer patent protecon, more established relaonships with vendors or suppliers, or greater manufacturing, distribuon, financial, research and development, technical and markeng resources than us. We face compeon from companies that receive financial and other support from their home country government, customers who develop compeng products, public cloud providers, numerous smaller companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly fragmented soware industry, open source authors who provide soware and IP for free, and competors who offer their products through tryandbuy or freemium models. The acons of our competors, in the areas of pricing and product bundling in parcular, could have a substanal adverse impact on us. Further, competors may leverage their superior market posion, as well as IP or other proprietary informaon, including interface, interoperability or technical informaon, in new and emerging technologies and plaorms that may inhibit our ability to compete effecvely. If we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose market share for our products or incur significant reducon in our gross margins, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operaons. Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisions we may make, level of capacity ulizaon and commodity prices. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is suscepble to seasonal and other fluctuaons in our markets. A shi in sales mix away from our higher margin products, as well as the ming and amount of our soware licensing and nonproduct revenue, could adversely affect our future gross margin percentages. In addion, increased compeon and the existence of product alternaves, more complex engineering requirements, lower demand, industry oversupply or reducons in our technological lead compared to our competors, and other factors have in the past and may in the future lead to further price erosion, lower revenue and lower margin. Conversely, periods of robust demand that create a supply imbalance can lead to higher gross margins that may not be sustainable over the longer term. 27 Table of Contents We ulize a significant amount of IP in our business. If we are unable or fail to protect our IP, our business could be adversely affected. Our success depends in part upon protecng our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combinaon of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as customary contractual protecons with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants. We spend significant resources to monitor and protect our IP rights, including the unauthorized use of our products and usage rates of the soware seat licenses and subscripons that we sell. Even with significant expenditures, we may not be able to protect the IP rights that are valuable to our business or have sufficient IP rights to protect our products or our business. Further, effecve IP protecon may be unavailable or more limited in other jurisdicons, relave to those protecons available in the U.S., and may not be applied for or may be abandoned in one or more relevant jurisdicons. In addion, when patents expire, we lose the protecon and compeve advantages they provided to us. We also generate revenue from licensing royalty payments and from technology claim selements relang to certain of our IP. Licensing of our IP rights, parcularly exclusive licenses, may limit our ability to assert those IP rights against third pares, including the licensee of those rights. In addion, from me to me, we acquire companies with IP that is subject to licensing obligaons to other third pares. These licensing obligaons have extended, and may in the future extend, to our own IP, liming our ability to assert our IP rights. From me to me, we pursue ligaon to assert our IP rights, including, in some cases, against our customers and suppliers. Claims of this sort could also harm our relaonships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. Conversely, third pares have and may in the future pursue IP ligaon against us, including as a result of our IP licensing business. Any inability to adequately protect our IP could limit the value of our technology, result in the loss of opportunies to sell or license our technology to others or limit our collecon of royalty payments, any of which could negavely impact our business, financial condion and results of operaons. In addion, from me to me, we obtain or renew IP licenses. Our inability to obtain or renew these licenses on acceptable terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operaons. We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls and product liability. From me to me, we may be subject to warranty or product liability claims that may lead to significant expense. Our customer contracts typically contain warranty and indemnificaon provisions, and in certain cases may also contain liquidated damages provisions. The potenal liabilies associated with such provisions are significant, and in some cases, including in agreements with some of our largest customers, are potenally unlimited. Any such liabilies may greatly exceed any revenue we receive from the relevant products. Costs, payments or damages incurred or paid by us in connecon with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls could materially adversely affect our financial condion and results of operaons. We may also be exposed to such claims as a result of any acquision we may undertake in the future. Product liability insurance is subject to significant deducbles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims, or we may elect to selfinsure with respect to certain maers. Although we maintain reserves for reasonably esmable liabilies and purchase product liability insurance, our reserves may be inadequate to cover the uninsured poron of such claims. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expense or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputaon with current or prospecve customers, and materially and adversely affect our operang costs. Highly complex products, such as those we offer, may contain defects and bugs when they are first introduced or as new versions, soware documentaon or enhancements are released, or their release may be delayed due to unforeseen difficules during product development. If any of our products or thirdparty components used in our products, contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compability problems, we may not be able to successfully design workarounds. Furthermore, if any of these problems are not discovered unl aer we have commenced commercial producon or deployment, we may be required to incur addional development costs and product recall, repair or replacement costs. Significant technical challenges also arise with our soware products because our customers license and deploy our products across a variety of computer plaorms and integrate them with a number of thirdparty soware applicaons and databases. As a result, if there is systemwide failure or an actual or perceived breach of informaon integrity, security or availability occurs in one of our enduser customers system, it can be difficult to determine which product is at fault and we could ulmately be harmed by the failure of another suppliers product. Consequently, our reputaon may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products and we may have to invest significant capital and other resources, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain exisng customers and aract new customers. As a result, our financial results could be materially adversely affected. 28 Table of Contents We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal informaon, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. We collect, use and store collecvely referred to as process in this paragraph a high volume, variety and velocity of certain personal informaon in connecon with the operaon of our business. This creates various levels of privacy risks across different parts of our business, depending on the type of personal informaon, the jurisdicon in queson and the purpose of their processing. The personal informaon we process is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulaons regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments. Privacy legislaon and other data protecon regulaons, enforcement and policy acvity in this area are expanding rapidly in many jurisdicons and creang a complex regulatory compliance environment. Sectoral legislaon, cerficaon requirements and technical standards applying to certain categories of our customers, such as those in the financial services or public sector, have exacerbated this trend. The cost of complying with and implemenng these privacyrelated and data governance measures could increase depending on any addional burdensome security, business processes, or business record or data localizaon requirements. Concerns about government interference, sovereignty and expanding privacy, cybersecurity and data governance legislaon could adversely affect our customers and our products and services, parcularly in cloud compung, AI and our own data management pracces. The the, loss or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Any inadvertent failure or perceived failure by us to comply with privacy, data governance or cybersecurity obligaons may result in governmental enforcement acons, ligaon, substanal fines and damages, and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputaon and business. Environmental, social and governance ESG maers may adversely affect our relaonships with customers and investors and increase compliance costs. There is an increasing focus from lawmakers, regulators, investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders concerning ESG maers, including environment, climate, water, diversity and inclusion, human rights and governance transparency. A number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include ESG provisions or requirements that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and condions. An increasing number of investors are also requiring companies to disclose ESGrelated policies, pracces and metrics. In addion, various jurisdicons have adopted, or are developing, complex and lengthy ESGrelated laws or regulaons that may be difficult to comply with and will increase our direct compliance costs, as well as indirect costs passed on to us from our customers and suppliers. Further, there is an increasing number of statelevel anESG iniaves in the United States that may conflict with other regulatory requirements or our various stakeholders expectaons. If we fail to materially comply with or meet the evolving legal and regulatory requirements or expectaons of our various stakeholders, we may be subject to enforcement acons, required to pay fines, face decreased customer demand or lose investors, which could harm our reputaon, revenue and results of operaons. Our actual or perceived failure to achieve our publicly disclosed ESGrelated iniaves could negavely impact our reputaon, subject us to ligaon or enforcement acons, or otherwise harm our business. In addion, an increasing number of OEMs are seeking to source products that do not contain conflict minerals. This could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices, including our products. As a result, we may face difficules in sasfying our customers demands, which may harm our sales and operang results. We must comply with technical standards and a variety of domesc and internaonal laws and regulaons in the manufacture and distribuon of our semiconductors, the costs of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. The manufacture and distribuon of our semiconductors must comply with technical standards and a variety of domesc and internaonal laws and regulaons, including those related to the materials composion of our semiconductor products, and the use, disposal, cleanup of and human exposure to hazardous materials. This could increase the complexity and costs of our product design and procurement operaons, require us to stop distribung our products commercially unl they comply with such new standards, lead our customers to suspend imports of their products into that country, require us to reengineer our products and disrupt crossborder manufacturing relaonships. In addion, we may be required to modify our manufacturing process or equipment, or be restricted in our ability to expand our facilies. Any failure by us to comply with such requirements could result in ligaon against us and the payment of significant fines and damages by us in the event of a significant adverse judgment. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Complying with any cleanup or remediaon obligaons for which we are or become responsible could also be costly and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condion and results of operaons. 29 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Taxes Our income taxes and overall cash tax costs are affected by a number of factors that could have a material, adverse effect on our financial results. Our income taxes are subject to volality and could be adversely affected by numerous factors, including reorganizaon or restructuring of our business, tax structure, business combinaons, jurisdiconal mix of our income and assets, and changes in tax legislaon or accounng policies or related interpretaons. As a result of U.S. tax reforms, our global income is subject to tax in the U.S. and we expect an increase in our effecve tax rate and our cash tax costs. In addion, many countries are implemenng anbaseerosion legislaon and guidance aimed at standardizing and modernizing global corporate tax policy, including changes to crossborder tax, transfer pricing documentaon rules, and nexusbased tax incenve pracces. Many countries have implemented or are in the process of implemenng a global minimum tax, which may materially increase our effecve tax rate and cash tax costs. For example, Singapore recently adopted the global minimum tax, which will be effecve for our fiscal year 2026. Substanal changes in domesc or internaonal corporate tax policies, regulaons or guidance, enforcement acvies or legislave invesgaons and inquiries may materially adversely affect our business and impact our provision for income taxes, net income, cash flow and our results of operaons generally. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income taxes, and our calculaons of income taxes payable currently and on a deferred basis are based on our interpretaons of applicable tax laws. Although we believe our tax esmates are reasonable, there is no assurance that the final determinaon of our income tax liability will not be materially different than what is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. In addion, we are subject to, and are under, tax audits in various jurisdicons. Although we believe our tax posions are reasonable, the final determinaon of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operaons and cash flows in the period or periods for which that determinaon is made. As a result of the VMware Merger, we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdicons for the Dell Technologies, Inc. Dell consolidated group, of which VMware was a member beginning in Dells fiscal year 2017 unl November 2021. While VMware is no longer a member of the Dell consolidated group, it is sll subject to audit for the periods in which it was member of the Dell consolidated group. While we believe VMwares posions are reasonable, the final determinaon of tax audits could be materially different from our income tax provisions and accruals. Further, pursuant to a tax agreement between VMware and Dell, in the event VMware becomes subject to audits as a member of Dells consolidated group, Dell has authority to control the audit and represent Dell and our interests, which could limit our ability to affect the outcome of such audits. If our tax incenves or tax holiday arrangements change or cease to be in effect or applicable, our corporate income taxes could significantly increase. Our operaons benefit from the various tax incenves extended to us in various jurisdicons to encourage investment or employment. Each tax incenve and tax holiday is subject to our compliance with various condions and may, in some instances, be amended or terminated prior to their scheduled terminaon date by the relevant governmental authority. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the condions related to our tax incenve or tax holiday, we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. If such tax incenve or tax holiday is modified or terminated prior to its expiraon absent a new incenve applying, we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. In addion, we may be required, or elect, to modify our operaonal structure and tax strategy in order to keep an incenve, which could result in a decrease in the benefits of the incenve. Adopon of global minimum tax provisions in a country in which we have an exisng tax incenve could have a material adverse impact on our tax incenves. Our tax incenves and tax holiday, before taking into consideraon U.S. foreign tax credits, decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $2,261 million in the aggregate and increased diluted net income per share by $0.47 for fiscal year 2024. Our interpretaons and conclusions regarding the tax incenves are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumpons and interpretaons are incorrect, the benefits of the tax incenves may be adversely affected. We have potenal tax liabilies as a result of VMwares former controlling ownership by Dell, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condion and operang results. If the VMware spinoff from Dell in November 2021 is determined to not be taxfree for any reason, we could be liable for all or a poron of the tax liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condion and operang results. Further, if the VMware Merger results in the spinoff failing to qualify as a taxfree transacon under Secon 355 of the Internal Revenue Code, Dell, its affiliates and, potenally, its stockholders would incur significant tax liabilies and we may be required to indemnify Dell and its affiliates for any such tax liabilies, which could be material. 30 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substanal indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. As of November 3, 2024, the aggregate indebtedness was $69,847 million. Our substanal indebtedness and the instruments governing our indebtedness could have important consequences including  increasing our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry condions  exposing us to interest rate risk as our 2023 Term Loans bear floang interest rates  liming our flexibility in planning for, or reacng to, changes in the economy and the industries in which we operate  placing us at a compeve disadvantage compared to our competors with less indebtedness  making it more difficult to borrow addional funds in the future to fund growth, acquisions, working capital, capital expenditures and other purposes and  potenally requiring us to dedicate a substanal poron of our cash flow from operaons to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund our other business needs. We receive debt rangs from the major credit rang agencies in the U.S., and any downgrade in our credit rang or the rangs of our indebtedness, or adverse condions in the debt capital markets, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condion and results of operaons. Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock Our stock price has been, and may in the future be, volale and your investment could lose value. The trading price of our common stock has, at mes, fluctuated significantly and could be subject to wide fluctuaons in response to any of the risk factors listed in this Risk Factors secon, and others, including  issuance of new or updated research or other reports by securies analysts  ancipated or actual demand for AIrelated products, including ASICs such as custom AI accelerators or XPUs  broad market, industry and competorrelated fluctuaons  unsubstanated news reports or other inaccurate publicity regarding us or our business  fluctuaons in the valuaon and results of operaons of our significant customers as well as companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us  announcements of proposed acquisions by us or our competors  announcements of, or expectaons of, addional debt or equity financing transacons  hedging or arbitrage trading acvity involving our common stock and  significant sales of our common stock by one or more of our largest investors. These fluctuaons are oen unrelated or disproporonate to our operang performance. Broad market and industry fluctuaons, as well as general economic, polical and market condions such as recessions, interest rate changes or currency fluctuaons, may negavely impact the market price of our common stock. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, companies that have experienced volality in the market price of their stock have been subject to securies class acon ligaon. We may be the target of this type of ligaon in the future. In addion, we have been, and in the future we may be, subject to lawsuits stemming from our acquisions. Securies ligaon against us, including the lawsuits related to such acquisions, could result in substanal costs and divert our managements aenon from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. There can be no assurance that we will connue to declare cash dividends. Our Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which we currently pay a cash dividend on our common stock on a quarterly basis. The declaraon and payment of any dividend is subject to the approval of our Board of Directors and our dividend may be disconnued or reduced at any me. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends is also limited by restricons or limitaons on our ability to obtain sufficient funds through dividends from subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the future in any parcular amounts, or at all. A reducon in our cash dividend payments could have a negave effect on our stock price. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. 31 Table of Contents ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy Our cybersecurity risk management program is intended to protect the confidenality, integrity and availability of our crical systems and informaon. Our program includes processes for idenfying, assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats that are guided by the Naonal Instute of Standards  Technologys Cyber Security Framework, the ISO 27001 internaonal standard for informaon security and other applicable industry benchmarks. Our cybersecurity risk management program is integrated into our overall enterprise risk management system and processes, and includes  a team of professionals within our Global Technology Organizaon team who are responsible for idenfying and migang cybersecurity risks and managing our security controls and response acvies  risk assessment processes designed to idenfy cybersecurity risks to our crical systems, informaon, products, services and our broader enterprise IT environment  an annual tabletop exercise to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident and  mandatory training annually and upon hiring for all employees on data privacy and cybersecurity topics. When appropriate, we ulize independent, external service providers to assess, test or otherwise assist with certain aspects of our cybersecurity risk management program and related processes, including for penetraon tesng, threat monitoring and incident response. We also employ a vendor risk assessment process to migate risks presented by certain thirdparty service providers, and we require such providers to manage their cybersecurity risks in conformance to industry standards, nofy us of relevant cybersecurity events and sasfy addional contractual requirements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10K, we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operaons, or financial condion. See Item 1A. Risk Factors, Cyber security threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidenality, integrity or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business in this Annual Report on Form 10K for addional informaon about our cybersecurityrelated risks. Cybersecurity Governance Our Board of Directors is acvely involved in overseeing our cybersecurity risk management and shares oversight responsibility and processes with the Audit Commiee of the Board of Directors the Audit Commiee. Our management, including our Chief Informaon Officer CIO, in consultaon with our Chief Informaon Security Officer CISO, reviews with the Audit Commiee at least quarterly our cybersecurity security policies, pracces and protecve measures, threat intelligence, cybersecurity incidents and related risks. At least quarterly, our CIO also provides the Audit Commiee with an update on our enterprise security program that includes procedures and policies for tesng vulnerabilies, responding to cybersecurity threats, and training and evaluang our employees. The Audit Commiee and management also update our Board of Directors at least quarterly on our cybersecurity performance and risk profile and the effecveness of our cybersecurity processes. Our management, including our CIO and CISO, are responsible for assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our CIO oversees our Global Technology Organizaon that has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program. Our CIO, who reports to our Chief Execuve Officer, has over 20 years of experience managing global IT operaons, including strategy, applicaons, infrastructure, informaon security, support and execuon. Our CISO, who reports to the CIO, has approximately 30 years of cybersecurity experience assessing and managing cybersecurity programs. Our management is informed about and monitors the prevenon, detecon, migaon, and remediaon of cybersecurity risks and incidents through various means, which may include, among other things, threat intelligence and other informaon obtained from governmental, public or private sources, including external consultants engaged by us, and alerts and reports produced by security tools deployed in our IT environment. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We are headquartered in Palo Alto, California and our primary warehouse is located in Malaysia. We conduct our administraon, manufacturing, research and development, sales and markeng in both owned and leased facilies. We believe that our owned and leased facilies are adequate for our present operaons. We do not idenfy or allocate assets by operang segment. 32 Table of Contents As of November 3, 2024, our owned and leased facilies in excess of 100,000 square feet consisted of In square feet United States Other Countries Total Owned facilies a 2,919,706 928,888 3,848,594 Leased facilies b 849,322 2,354,773 3,204,095 Total facilies 3,769,028 3,283,661 7,052,689  a Includes 318,000 square feet and 153,000 square feet of property owned in Malaysia subject to a 60year land lease with the state authority expiring in May 2051 and March 2077, respecvely, subject to renewal at our opon. Also includes 561,000 square feet of property in Palo Alto, California subject to a 40year land lease with the Stanford University Board of Trustees expiring in May 2046 that does not have a renewal opon. b Building leases expire on varying dates through February 2046 and generally include renewals at our opon. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The informaon set forth under Note 14. Commitments and Conngencies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K, is incorporated herein by reference. For an addional discussion of certain risks associated with legal proceedings, see Risk Factors above. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None. 33 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Informaon Broadcom common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol AVGO. Holders As of November 29, 2024, there were 1,735 holders of record of our common stock. A substanally greater number of stockholders are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial instuons. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securies During the fiscal quarter ended November 3, 2024, we paid approximately $1,204 million in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesng of net seled equity awards. We withheld approximately 8 million shares of common stock from employees in connecon with such net share selement at an average price of $160.31 per share. These shares may be deemed to be issuer purchases of shares. In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2022, which was subsequently extended to December 31, 2023. In May 2022, our Board of Directors authorized another stock repurchase program to repurchase up to an addional $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2023. All $20 billion of the authorized amount under these stock repurchase programs was ulized prior to expiraon on December 31, 2023. 34 Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph The following graph shows a comparison of cumulave total return for our common stock, the Standard  Poors 500 Stock Index the SP 500 Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index for the five fiscal years ended November 3, 2024. The total return graph and table assume that $100 was invested on November 1, 2019 the last trading day of our fiscal year 2019 in each of Broadcom Inc. common stock, the SP 500 Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index and assume that all dividends are reinvested. Indexes are calculated on a monthend basis. The comparisons in the graph below are based on historical data and are not indicave of, or intended to forecast, the possible future performance of our common stock. Comparison of Five Year Cumulave Total Return Among Broadcom Inc., the SP 500 Index and the NASDAQ 100 Index October 30, October 29, November 3, 2019 November 1, 2020 October 31, 2021 2022 2023 November 3, 2024 Broadcom Inc. $ 100.00 $ 123.53 $ 193.73 $ 177.51 $ 323.12 $ 661.00 SP 500 Index $ 100.00 $ 108.65 $ 155.28 $ 133.58 $ 143.35 $ 202.39 NASDAQ 100 Index $ 100.00 $ 136.71 $ 197.45 $ 144.98 $ 179.61 $ 255.89 The graph and the table above shall not be deemed filed with the SEC for the purposes of Secon 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilies of that secon, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing made by us with the SEC, regardless of any general incorporaon language in such filing. ITEM 6. RESERVED 35 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condion and Results of Operaons should be read in conjuncon with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. This discussion may contain forwardlooking statements based upon current expectaons that involve risks and uncertaines. Our actual results may differ materially from those ancipated in these forwardlooking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the capon Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10K. The following secon generally discusses our financial condion and results of operaons for our fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 fiscal year 2024 compared to our fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 fiscal year 2023. A discussion regarding our financial condion and results of operaons for fiscal year 2023 compared to our fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 can be found in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10K for fiscal year 2023, filed with the Securies and Exchange Commission the SEC on December 14, 2023. Overview We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog IIIV based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including arficial intelligence AI networking and connecvity, home connecvity, settop boxes, broadband access, telecommunicaon equipment, smartphones and base staons, data center servers and storage systems, factory automaon, power generaon and alternave energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure soware soluons help enterprises simplify their informaon technology environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applicaons across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud plaorms. Our porolio of infrastructure and security soware is designed to modernize, opmize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automaon, insights, resiliency and security making it easy for customers to run their missioncrical workloads. We also offer missioncrical fibre channel storage area networking FC SAN products and related soware in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporang mulple semiconductor products. We have two reportable segments semiconductor soluons and infrastructure soware. Our semiconductor soluons segment includes all of our product lines and intellectual property IP licensing. Our infrastructure soware segment includes our private and hybrid cloud, applicaon development and delivery, sowaredefined edge, applicaon networking and security, mainframe, distributed and cybersecurity soluons, and our FC SAN business. Our fiscal year 2024 was a 53week fiscal year compared to our fiscal year 2023, which was a 52week fiscal year. The addional week in the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 resulted in higher net revenue, gross margin dollars, research and development expense, and selling general and administrave expense for fiscal year 2024, compared to the corresponding prior year fiscal period. Our strategy is focused on technology leadership and categoryleading semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons delivering a comprehensive suite of innovave infrastructure technology products to the worlds leading business and government customers. We seek to achieve this through strategic acquisions of businesses and technologies, as well as extensive internal research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology market leadership. This strategy results in a robust business model designed to drive diversified and sustainable operang and financial results. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to connue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following  gain or loss of significant customers  general economic and market condions in the industries and markets in which we compete  ancipated or actual demand for AIrelated products  our distributors product inventory and end customer demand  the rate at which our present and future customers and endusers adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, including our AI related products, and the rate at which our customers products that include our technology are accepted in their markets  the shi to cloudbased informaon technology soluons and services, such as hyperscale compung, which may adversely affect the ming and volume of sales of our products for use in tradional enterprise data centers and  the ming, rescheduling or cancellaon of expected customer orders. 36 Table of Contents Fiscal Year Highlights Highlights during fiscal year 2024 include the following  On November 22, 2023, we completed the acquision of VMware, Inc. VMware, for approximately $30.8 billion in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock on a split adjusted basis with a fair value of $53.4 billion.  We generated $19,962 million of cash from operaons.  We paid $9,814 million in cash dividends.  We repurchased $7,176 million of common stock.  We completed a tenforone forward stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award and per share amounts have been retroacvely adjusted to reflect the stock split. Acquisions and Divestures Acquision of VMware and Divesture of EUC On November 22, 2023, we acquired VMware in a cashandstock transacon the VMware Merger. The VMware stockholders received approximately $30,788 million in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock with a fair value of $53,398 million. In addion, we assumed all outstanding VMware restricted stock unit RSU awards and performance stock unit awards held by connuing employees. The assumed awards were converted into RSU awards for shares of Broadcom common stock. All outstanding RSU awards held by nonemployee directors and inthemoney VMware stock opons were accelerated and converted into the right to receive cash and shares of Broadcom common stock, in equal parts. We funded the cash poron of the VMware Merger with the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2023 Term Loans, as defined and discussed in Note 10. Borrowings included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K, as well as cash on hand. We assumed $8,250 million of VMwares outstanding senior unsecured notes. On July 1, 2024, we sold VMwares enduser compung EUC business to KKR  Co. Inc. for cash consideraon of $3.5 billion, aer working capital adjustments. Acquision of Seagates SoC Operaons On April 23, 2024, we acquired certain assets related to the design, development, and manufacture of SystemonChip SoC operaons of Seagate Technology Holdings plc for $600 million. Net Revenue A majority of our net revenue is derived from sales of a broad range of semiconductor devices that are incorporated into electronic products, as well as from modules, switches and subsystems. Net revenue is also generated from the sale of soware soluons that enable our customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage, and secure applicaons across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud plaorms. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor soluons and infrastructure soware segments, have varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuaons in endmarket demand, including the effects of seasonality, which are discussed in detail in Part I, Item 1. Business under Seasonality of this Annual Report on Form 10K. Distributors and original equipment manufacturers OEMs, or their contract manufacturers, typically account for the substanal majority of our semiconductor sales. To serve customers around the world, we have strategically developed relaonships with large global electronic component distributors, complemented by a number of regional distributors with customer relaonships based on their respecve product ranges. We have established strong relaonships with leading OEM customers across mulple target markets. Our direct sales force focuses on supporng our large OEM customers and has specialized product and service knowledge that enables us to sell specific offerings at key levels throughout a customers organizaon. Certain customers require us to contract with them directly and with specified intermediaries, such as contract manufacturers. Many of our major customer relaonships have been in place for many years and are oen the result of years of collaborave product development. This has enabled us to build our extensive IP porolio and develop crical experse regarding our customers requirements, including substanal systemlevel knowledge. This collaboraon has provided us with key insights into our customers businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and producve and to beer serve our target markets and customers. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of our products to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Such revenue is reduced for esmated returns and distributor allowances. 37 Table of Contents Our soware customers generally consist of large enterprises that have compung environments from mulple vendors and are highly complex. Our private cloud infrastructure suite of soluons are available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, valueadded OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VMware Cloud Foundaon VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscripons of VCF soware and move their VCF environments between onpremises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. We remain focused on strengthening relaonships and increasing penetraon within our exisng core, mainframe, VMware, and Symantec endpoint customers and expanding the adopon of our enterprise soware offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprisewide license model will connue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Costs and Expenses Cost of products sold. Cost of products sold consists primarily of the costs for semiconductor wafers and other materials, as well as the costs of assembling and tesng those products and materials. Such costs include personnel and overhead related to our manufacturing operaons, which include stockbased compensaon expense, related occupancy, computer services, equipment costs, manufacturing quality, order fulfillment, warranty adjustments, and inventory adjustments including writedowns for inventory obsolescence. Although we outsource a significant poron of our manufacturing acvies, we do have some proprietary semiconductor fabricaon facilies. If we are unable to ulize our owned fabricaon facilies at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilies will not be fully absorbed, resulng in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins. Cost of subscripons and services. Cost of subscripons and services consists of personnel, project costs associated with professional services or support of our subscripons and services revenue, and allocated facilies costs and other corporate expenses. Personnel costs include stockbased compensaon expense. Total cost of revenue also includes amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets and restructuring charges. Research and development. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including stockbased compensaon expense. These expenses also include project material costs, thirdparty fees paid to consultants, prototype development expense, allocated facilies costs and other corporate expenses and computer services costs related to supporng computer tools used in the engineering and design process. Selling, general and administrave. Selling expense consists primarily of compensaon and associated costs for sales and markeng personnel, including stockbased compensaon expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representaves, adversing costs, trade shows, corporate markeng, promoon, travel related to our sales and markeng operaons, related occupancy and equipment costs, and other markeng costs. General and administrave expense consists primarily of compensaon and associated costs for execuve management, finance, human resources and other administrave personnel, including stockbased compensaon expense, outside professional fees, allocated facilies costs, acquisionrelated costs, which include direct transacon costs and integraon costs, and other corporate expenses. Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets. In connecon with our acquisions, we recognize intangible assets that are amorzed over their esmated useful lives. We also recognize goodwill, which is not amorzed, and inprocess research and development IPRD, which is inially capitalized as an indefinitelived intangible asset, in connecon with our acquisions. Upon compleon of each underlying project, IPRD assets are reclassified as amorzable purchased intangible assets and amorzed over their esmated useful lives. Restructuring and other charges. Restructuring and other charges consist primarily of nonrecurring charges related to compensaon costs associated with employee exit programs, IP ligaon, alignment of our global manufacturing operaons, raonalizaon of product development program costs, facility and lease abandonments, fixed asset impairment, IPRD impairment, and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements. Interest expense. Interest expense includes coupon interest, commitment fees, accreon of original issue discount, amorzaon of debt premiums and debt issuance costs, and expenses related to debt modificaons or exnguishments. Other income expense, net. Other income expense, net includes interest income, gains and losses on investments, foreign currency remeasurement, and other miscellaneous items. Provision for income taxes. We benefit from the tax incenves extended to us in various jurisdicons to encourage investment or employment. Our tax incenves from the Singapore Economic Development Board provide that any qualifying income earned in Singapore is subject to tax incenves or reduced rates of Singapore income tax, subject to our compliance with the condions specified in these incenves and legislave developments. These Singapore tax incenves are scheduled 38 Table of Contents to expire in November 2030. The corporate income tax rate in Singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. We also have a tax holiday from our qualifying income earned in Malaysia, which is scheduled to expire in 2028. Each tax incenve and tax holiday is subject to our compliance with various operang and other condions. If we cannot, or elect not to, comply with any such operang condions specified, we could, in some instances, be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits, or if such tax incenve or tax holiday is terminated prior to its expiraon absent a new incenve applying, we will lose the related tax benefits earlier than scheduled. We may elect to modify our operaonal structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. Before taking into consideraon the effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other indirect tax impacts, the effect of these tax incenves and tax holiday decreased the provision for income taxes by approximately $2,261 million and $2,104 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. Our interpretaons and conclusions regarding the tax incenves are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumpons about tax and other laws are incorrect, the benefits of the tax incenves may be adversely affected. Crical Accounng Esmates The preparaon of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounng principles in the United States GAAP requires us to make esmates and assumpons that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilies and disclosure of conngent assets and liabilies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporng period. We base our esmates and assumpons on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilies and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual financial results may differ materially and adversely from our esmates. Our crical accounng policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjecve or complex judgments by management. Those policies include revenue recognion, business combinaons, valuaon of goodwill and longlived assets, and income taxes. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounng Policies included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K for further informaon on our crical accounng policies and esmates. Revenue recognion. We account for a contract with a customer when both pares have approved the contract and are commied to perform their respecve obligaons, each partys rights can be idenfied, payment terms can be idenfied, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable we will collect substanally all of the consideraon we are entled to. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligaons are sasfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer. Our products and services can be broadly categorized as sales of products and subscripons and services. We recognize products revenue from sales to direct customers and distributors when control transfers to the customer. An allowance for distributor credits covering price adjustments is made based on our esmate of historical experience rates as well as considering economic condions and contractual terms. To date, actual distributor claims acvity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical esmates. However, because of the inherent nature of esmates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our esmates. Different judgments or esmates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operang results. We also record reducons of revenue for rebates in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. We accrue 100% of potenal rebates at the me of sale. We reverse the accrual of unclaimed rebate amounts as specific rebate programs contractually end and when we believe unclaimed rebates are no longer subject to payment and will not be paid. Thus, the reversal of unclaimed rebates may have a posive impact on our net revenue and net income in subsequent periods. Business combinaons. Accounng for business combinaons requires our management to make significant esmates and assumpons, especially at the acquision date, for intangible assets, contractual obligaons assumed, restructuring liabilies, preacquision conngencies, and conngent consideraon, where applicable. Although we believe the assumpons and esmates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and informaon obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Crical esmates in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include, the present value of projected cash flows regarding the projected revenues, projected expenses which include cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrave expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, discount rate and income tax rate for developed technology the projected revenues, customer retenon rate, customer ramp up period, discount rate and income tax rate for the customer contracts and related relaonships the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate, expected costs to develop IPRD into commercially viable products, discount rate and income tax rate for the IPRD and the projected revenues, brand asset phaseout paern, brand asset royalty rate, discount rate and the income tax rate for the trade name. Unancipated events and circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumpons, esmates or actual results. 39 Table of Contents Valuaon of goodwill and longlived assets. We perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. The process of evaluang the potenal impairment of goodwill is highly subjecve and requires significant judgment. To review for impairment, we first assess qualitave factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determinaon that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount. Our qualitave assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industryspecific and company specific factors. These factors include i severe adverse industry or economic trends ii significant companyspecific acons, including exing an acvity in conjuncon with restructuring of operaons iii current, historical or projected deterioraon of our financial performance or iv a sustained decrease in our market capitalizaon below our net book value. Aer assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporng unit and compare the fair value to the reporng units net book value. Determining the fair value of a reporng unit involves the use of significant esmates and assumpons. Our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to esmate a reporng units fair value. The income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporng unit esmates for forecasted future financial performance, including revenues, operang expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. These esmates are developed as part of our longterm planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, esmated costs based on historical data and various internal esmates. Projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the esmated market weightedaverage cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. The market approach is based on weighng the financial mulples of comparable companies and applying a control premium. A reporng units carrying value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilies, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilies, such as cash and debt. We assess the impairment of longlived assets, including purchased IPRD, property, plant and equipment, rightofuse assets, and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include i significant underperformance relave to historical or projected future operang results, ii significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, or iii significant negave industry or economic trends. The process of evaluang the potenal impairment of longlived assets under the accounng guidance on property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets is also highly subjecve and requires significant judgment. In order to esmate the fair value of longlived assets, we typically make various assumpons about the future prospects of our business or the part of our business to which the longlived assets relate. We also consider market factors specific to the business and esmate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumpons about market demand for our products over a number of future years. Based on these assumpons and esmates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the longlived assets stated on our consolidated balance sheets to reflect their esmated fair value. Assumpons and esmates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and oen subjecve. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumpons and esmates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumpons and esmates could materially impact our reported financial results. Income taxes. Significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for or benefit from income taxes, including the determinaon of deferred tax assets and liabilies and any valuaon allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. We have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuaon allowances. An adjustment to the valuaon allowance will either increase or decrease our provision for or benefit from income taxes in the period such determinaon is made. In evaluang the exposure associated with various tax filing posions, we accrue an income tax liability when such posions do not meet the morelikelythannot threshold for recognion. The calculaon of our tax liabilies involves dealing with uncertaines in the applicaon of complex tax laws and regulaons in a multude of jurisdicons. We recognize potenal liabilies for ancipated tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdicons based on our esmate of whether, and the extent to which, addional taxes, interest, and penales will be due. If our esmate of income tax liabilies proves to be less than the actual amount ulmately assessed, a further charge to tax expense would be required. If the payment of these amounts ulmately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the accrued liabilies would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilies no longer exist. 40 Table of Contents Fiscal Year Presentaon We operate on a 52 or 53week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. Our fiscal year 2024 was a 53week fiscal year. Fiscal years 2023 and 2022 each consisted of 52 weeks. The financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K are presented in accordance with GAAP and expressed in U.S. dollars. 41 Table of Contents Results of Operaons Fiscal Year 2024 Compared to Fiscal Year 2023 The following table sets forth our results of operaons for the periods presented Fiscal Year Ended November 3, October 29, November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 2024 2023 In millions As a percentage of net revenue Statements of Operaons Data Net revenue Products $ 30,359 $ 27,891 59 % 78 % Subscripons and services 21,215 7,928 41 22 Total net revenue 51,574 35,819 100 100 Cost of revenue Cost of products sold 9,797 8,636 19 24 Cost of subscripons and services 2,991 636 6 2 Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets 6,023 1,853 12 5 Restructuring charges 254 4   Total cost of revenue 19,065 11,129 37 31 Gross margin 32,509 24,690 63 69 Research and development 9,310 5,253 18 15 Selling, general and administrave 4,959 1,592 10 4 Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets 3,244 1,394 6 4 Restructuring and other charges 1,533 244 3 1 Total operang expenses 19,046 8,483 37 24 Operang income $ 13,463 $ 16,207 26 % 45 % Net Revenue A relavely small number of customers account for a significant poron of our net revenue. Direct sales to one customer, which is a distributor, accounted for 28% and 21% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. We believe aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for approximately 40% and 35% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. We expect to connue to experience significant customer concentraon in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operaons and financial condion. From me to me, some of our key semiconductor customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. This is parcularly true of our products used in AI and wireless applicaons as fluctuaons may be magnified by the ming of customer deployments and product launches, and seasonal variaons in sales. In addion, the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain and may cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operaons. Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when tle and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose net revenue by country based primarily on the geographic shipment or delivery locaon specified by our distributors, OEMs, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or soware customers. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, 20% and 32%, respecvely, of our net revenue came from shipments or deliveries to China including Hong Kong. However, the end customers for either our products or for the end products into which our products are incorporated, are frequently located in countries other than China including Hong Kong. As a result, we believe that a substanally smaller percentage of our net revenue is ulmately dependent on sales of either our product or our customers product incorporang our product, to end customers located in China including Hong Kong. 42 Table of Contents The following tables set forth net revenue by segment for the periods presented Fiscal Year Ended November 3, October 29, Net Revenue by Segment 2024 2023 $ Change % Change In millions, except percentages Semiconductor soluons $ 30,096 $ 28,182 $ 1,914 7 % Infrastructure soware 21,478 7,637 13,841 181 % Total net revenue $ 51,574 $ 35,819 $ 15,755 44 % Fiscal Year Ended Net Revenue by Segment November 3, 2024 October 29, 2023 As a percentage of net revenue Semiconductor soluons 58 % 79 % Infrastructure soware 42 21 Total net revenue 100 % 100 % Net revenue from our semiconductor soluons segment increased due to strong product demand for our networking products, primarily AI networking products, parally offset by lower demand for our broadband and server storage products. Net revenue from our infrastructure soware segment increased primarily due to contribuons from VMware. Gross Margin Gross margin was $32,509 million for fiscal year 2024 compared to $24,690 million for fiscal year 2023. The increase was primarily due to contribuons from VMware, parally offset by higher amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets from the VMware Merger. As a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 63% and 69% of net revenue for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The decrease was primarily due to higher amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets from the VMware Merger. In addion, gross margin contribuons from our infrastructure soware segment were parally offset by less favorable margin within the semiconductor soluons segment driven by product mix. Research and Development Expense Research and development expense increased $4,057 million, or 77%, in fiscal year 2024, compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase was primarily due to higher compensaon, including higher stockbased compensaon, as a result of an increase in headcount from the VMware Merger. The increase in stockbased compensaon expense was also due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grantdate fair values. Selling, General and Administrave Expense Selling, general and administrave expense increased $3,367 million, or 211%, in fiscal year 2024, compared to the prior fiscal year. The increase was primarily due to higher compensaon, including higher stockbased compensaon, as a result of an increase in headcount from the VMware Merger. The increase in stockbased compensaon expense was also due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grantdate fair values. Amorzaon of AcquisionRelated Intangible Assets Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets recognized in operang expenses increased $1,850 million, or 133%, in fiscal year 2024, compared to the prior fiscal year primarily due to higher amorzaon of customerrelated intangible assets from the VMware Merger. Restructuring and Other Charges Restructuring and other charges recognized in operang expenses were $1,533 million and $244 million in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The fiscal year 2024 charges primarily included employee terminaon costs from cost reducon acvies related to the VMware Merger. The fiscal year 2023 charges primarily included nonrecurring charges related to IP ligaon. 43 Table of Contents StockBased Compensaon Expense Total stockbased compensaon expense was $5,670 million and $2,171 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The increase was primarily due to equity awards assumed and granted in connecon with the VMware Merger and annual employee equity awards granted at higher grantdate fair values. The following table sets forth the total unrecognized compensaon cost related to unvested stockbased awards outstanding and expected to vest as of November 3, 2024. The remaining weightedaverage service period was 3.0 years. Unrecognized Compensaon Cost, Net of Expected Fiscal Year Forfeitures In millions 2025 $ 4,429 2026 3,607 2027 2,643 2028 580 Total $ 11,259 During the first quarter of fiscal year ended November 3, 2019 fiscal year 2019, our Compensaon Commiee approved a broadbased program of mulyear equity grants of me and marketbased RSUs the MulYear Equity Awards in lieu of our annual employee equity awards historically granted on March 15 of each year. Each MulYear Equity Award vests on the same basis as four annual grants made on March 15 of each year, beginning in fiscal year 2019, with successive fouryear vesng periods. We recognize stockbased compensaon expense related to the MulYear Equity Awards from the grant date through their respecve vesng date, ranging from 4 years to 7 years. Segment Operang Results Fiscal Year Ended Operang Income by Segment November 3, 2024 October 29, 2023 $ Change % Change In millions, except percentages Semiconductor soluons $ 16,759 $ 16,486 $ 273 2 % Infrastructure soware 13,977 5,639 8,338 148 % Unallocated expenses 17,273 5,918 11,355 192 % Total operang income $ 13,463 $ 16,207 $ 2,744 17% Operang income from our semiconductor soluons segment increased mainly driven by revenue growth from networking products, primarily AI networking products, parally offset by lower net revenue from our broadband and server storage products. Operang income from our infrastructure soware segment increased primarily due to contribuons from VMware. Unallocated expenses include amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets stockbased compensaon expense restructuring and other charges acquisionrelated costs and other costs that are not used in evaluang the results of, or in allocang resources to, our segments. Unallocated expenses increased 192% in fiscal year 2024, compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to higher amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets, stockbased compensaon expense and restructuring and other charges. These increases were primarily due to the VMware Merger. The increase in stockbased compensaon expense was also due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grantdate fair values. NonOperang Income and Expenses Interest expense. Interest expense was $3,953 million and $1,622 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The increase was primarily due to interest on debt incurred for the VMware Merger. Other income expense, net. Other income expense, net includes interest income, gains and losses on investments, foreign currency remeasurement and other miscellaneous items. Other income, net, was $406 million and $512 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The decrease was primarily due to lower interest income as a result of a lower invested balance. 44 Table of Contents Provision for income taxes. The provision for income taxes was $3,748 million and $1,015 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. The increase was primarily due to the impact of a nonrecurring intragroup transfer of certain IP rights to the United States as a result of supply chain realignment and the resulng shi in the jurisdiconal mix of income. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following secon discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our primary liquidity requirements and uses of cash. Our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturies of 90 days or less at the me of purchase. We believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible. Our primary sources of liquidity as of November 3, 2024 consisted of i $9,348 million in cash and cash equivalents, ii cash we expect to generate from operaons and iii available capacity under our $7.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. In addion, we may also generate cash from the sale of assets and debt or equity financings from me to me. Our shortterm and longterm liquidity requirements primarily arise from i business acquisions and investments we may make from me to me, ii working capital requirements, iii research and development and capital expenditure needs, iv cash dividend payments if and when declared by our Board of Directors, v interest and principal payments related to our $69,847 million of outstanding indebtedness, and vi payment of income taxes. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operang performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic condions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We expect capital expenditures to be higher in the fiscal year ending November 2, 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024. Our debt and liquidity needs increased in fiscal year 2024 as a result of compleng the VMware Merger. We funded the cash poron of the consideraon with net proceeds from the issuance of $30,390 million in term loans the 2023 Term Loans, as well as cash on hand. We also assumed $8,250 million of VMwares outstanding senior unsecured notes. During fiscal year 2024, we made repayments of $16,795 million on our 2023 Term Loans. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operaons and our revolving credit facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligaons for at least the next 12 months. For addional informaon regarding our cash requirement from contractual obligaons, indebtedness and lease obligaons, see Note 14. Commitments and Conngencies, Note 10. Borrowings and Note 6. Leases in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K. From me to me, we engage in discussions with third pares regarding potenal acquisions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. Any such transacon, or evaluaon of potenal transacons, could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transacons. If we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operaons or finance growth opportunies, including acquisions, or unancipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condion could suffer. In such circumstances, we may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. However, we cannot assure you that such addional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our ability to service our senior unsecured notes, the 2023 Term Loans and any other indebtedness we may incur will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We may also elect to sell addional debt or equity securies for reasons other than those specified above. In addion, we may, at any me and from me to me, seek to rere or purchase our outstanding debt through cash tenders andor exchanges for equity or debt, in openmarket purchases, privately negoated transacons or otherwise. Such tenders, exchanges or purchases, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market condions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restricons and other factors. We may also make addional prepayments of the 2023 Term Loans. The amounts involved may be material. 45 Table of Contents Working Capital On November 22, 2023, we completed the VMware Merger. The following table presents the changes in selected balance sheet capons other than assets acquired and liabilies assumed from the VMware Merger during fiscal year 2024. Balances at Balances Acquired and Balances at NonVMware October 29, Assumed from VMware November 3, Acquision 2023 a 2024 Change In millions Trade accounts receivable, net $ 3,154 $ 3,571 $ 4,416 $ 2,309 Other current assets $ 1,606 $ 1,108 $ 4,071 $ 1,357 Accounts payable $ 1,210 $ 359 $ 1,662 $ 93 Employee compensaon and benefits $ 935 $ 848 $ 1,971 $ 188 Current poron of longterm debt $ 1,608 $ 1,264 $ 1,271 $ 1,601 Other current liabilies $ 3,652 $ 11,217 $ 11,793 $ 3,076  a Excludes VMwares EUC assets and liabilies held for sale.  Trade accounts receivable, net decreased primarily due to strong collecons and addional receivables sold through factoring arrangements.  Other current assets increased from higher contract assets due to the ming of soware revenue recognion.  Current poron of longterm debt decreased primarily due to $2,813 million of repayments, offset in part by $1,245 million becoming due within the next twelve months.  Other current liabilies decreased primarily from lower contract liabilies as soware revenue was recognized from previous soware contracts. Capital Returns Fiscal Year Ended Cash Dividends Declared and Paid November 3, 2024 October 29, 2023 In millions, except per share data Dividends per share to common stockholders $ 2.105 $ 1.840 Dividends to common stockholders $ 9,814 $ 7,645 In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2022, which was subsequently extended to December 31, 2023. In May 2022, our Board of Directors authorized another stock repurchase program to repurchase up to an addional $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2023. During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we repurchased and rered approximately 67 million and 91 million shares of our common stock for $7,176 million and $5,824 million, respecvely. All $20 billion of the authorized amount under these stock repurchase programs was ulized prior to expiraon on December 31, 2023. 46 Table of Contents During fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we paid approximately $5,216 million and $1,861 million, respecvely, in employee withholding taxes due upon the vesng of net seled equity awards. We withheld approximately 38 million and 26 million shares of common stock from employees in connecon with such net share selements during fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respecvely. Cash Flows Fiscal Year Ended November 3, 2024 October 29, 2023 In millions Net cash provided by operang acvies $ 19,962 $ 18,085 Net cash used in invesng acvies 23,070 689 Net cash used in financing acvies 1,733 15,623 Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ 4,841 $ 1,773 Operang Acvies Cash flows from operang acvies consisted of net income adjusted for certain noncash and other items and changes in assets and liabilies. The $1,877 million increase in cash provided by operaons during fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to contribuons from VMware. The $8,187 million decrease in net income was largely driven by $13,058 million higher noncash adjustments including amorzaon of intangible assets, stockbased compensaon, and deferred taxes and other noncash taxes related to the VMware Merger. Invesng Acvies Cash flows from invesng acvies primarily consisted of cash used for acquisions, proceeds from the sale of a business, capital expenditures, and proceeds and payments related to investments. The $22,381 million increase in cash used in invesng acvies for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to a $25,925 million increase in cash used for acquisions due to the VMware Merger and the acquision of Seagates SoC operaons, net of cash acquired, offset in part by $3,485 million proceeds from the sale of the EUC business. Financing Acvies Cash flows from financing acvies primarily consisted of proceeds and payments related to our longterm borrowings, dividend payments, stock repurchases, and employee withholding tax payments related to net seled equity awards. The $13,890 million increase in cash flows from financing acvies for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to $39,954 million of net proceeds from the 2023 Term Loans and the issuance of senior notes, offset in part by a $19,205 million increase in payments on debt obligaons, a $3,355 million increase in employee withholding tax payments related to net seled equity awards, a $2,169 million increase in dividend payments, and a $1,352 million increase in stock repurchases. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Foreign Currency Exchange Risk From me to me, we use foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge a poron of our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates, which result from our global operang and financing acvies. We do not use derivave financial instruments for trading or speculave purposes. A hypothecal 10% change in currency exchange rates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 47 Table of Contents Interest Rate Risk Changes in interest rates affect the fair value of our outstanding fixed rate senior notes. As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, we had $56.3 billion and $40.8 billion in principal amount of fixed rate senior notes outstanding, and the esmated aggregate fair value of these senior notes was $51.4 billion and $33.2 billion, respecvely. As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, a hypothecal 50 basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of our fixed rate senior notes by approximately $1.7 billion and $1.4 billion, respecvely. However, this hypothecal change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on our fixed rate senior notes outstanding. To hedge variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of ancipated future debt issuances, we have entered, and in the future may enter, into treasury rate lock contracts. As of November 3, 2024, we had $13.6 billion of outstanding 2023 Term Loans, which are subject to floang interest rates. A hypothecal 100 basis point change in the interest rate would increase or decrease the interest expense on the 2023 Term Loans for the next 12 months by approximately $137 million. The carrying value of the 2023 Term Loans approximates their fair value as the underlying interest rates are ed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. We had no floang rate debt outstanding as of October 29, 2023. 48 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA BROADCOM INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounng Firm PCAOB ID 238 50 Consolidated Balance Sheets 51 Consolidated Statements of Operaons 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 53 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 54 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 55 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 56 Schedule II  Valuaon and Qualifying Accounts 92 49 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Broadcom Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporng We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Broadcom Inc. and its subsidiaries the Company as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operaons, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 3, 2024, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15a2 collecvely referred to as the consolidated financial statements. We also have audited the Companys internal control over financial reporng as of November 3, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control  Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Commiee of Sponsoring Organizaons of the Treadway Commission COSO. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial posion of the Company as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, and the results of its operaons and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended November 3, 2024 in conformity with accounng principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effecve internal control over financial reporng as of November 3, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control  Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Companys management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effecve internal control over financial reporng, and for its assessment of the effecveness of internal control over financial reporng, included in Managements Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporng appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Companys consolidated financial statements and on the Companys internal control over financial reporng based on our audits. We are a public accounng firm registered with the Public Company Accounng Oversight Board United States PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securies laws and the applicable rules and regulaons of the Securies and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effecve internal control over financial reporng was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluang the accounng principles used and significant esmates made by management, as well as evaluang the overall presentaon of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporng included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporng, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and tesng and evaluang the design and operang effecveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definion and Limitaons of Internal Control over Financial Reporng A companys internal control over financial reporng is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporng and the preparaon of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounng principles. A companys internal control over financial reporng includes those policies and procedures that i pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transacons and disposions of the assets of the company ii provide reasonable assurance that transacons are recorded as necessary to permit preparaon of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounng principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizaons of management and directors of the company and iii provide reasonable assurance regarding prevenon or mely detecon of unauthorized acquision, use, or disposion of the companys assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitaons, internal control over financial reporng may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projecons of any evaluaon of effecveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Crical Audit Maers The crical audit maer communicated below is a maer arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit commiee and that i relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and ii involved our especially challenging, subjecve, or complex judgments. The communicaon of crical audit maers does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicang the crical audit maer below, providing a separate opinion on the crical audit maer or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Acquision of VMware  Valuaon of VMware Cloud Foundaon VCF Developed Technology, Certain Customer Contracts and Related Relaonships, VCF Inprocess Research and Development, and VMware Trade Name Intangible Assets As described in Notes 2 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements, on November 22, 2023, the Company completed the acquision of VMware LLC for total consideraon of $86,290 million. The Company acquired $45,572 million of intangible assets in connecon with the acquision. Of these acquired intangible assets, $24,156 million related to developed technology valued using the mulperiod excess earnings method under the income approach, of which a significant poron related to VCF $15,239 million related to customer contracts and related relaonships valued using the withandwithout method under the income approach, of which a significant poron related to certain customer contracts and relaonships $4,730 million related to inprocess research and development valued using the mulperiod excess earnings method under the income approach, of which $4,705 million related to VCF and $1,205 million related to trade names valued using the relieffromroyalty method, of which a significant poron related to the VMware trade name. The present value of projected cash flows included significant judgment and assumpons regarding a the projected revenues, projected expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, and the discount rate for the VCF developed technology, b the projected revenues, customer retenon rate, customer ramp up period, and the discount rate for the certain customer contracts and related relaonships, c the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate and the discount rate for the VCF inprocess research and development, and d the projected revenues, brand asset phaseout paern, brand asset royalty rate, and the discount rate for the VMware trade name. The principal consideraons for our determinaon that performing procedures relang to the valuaon of the VCF developed technology, certain customer contracts and related relaonships, VCF inprocess research and development, and the VMware trade name intangible assets acquired in the VMware acquision is a crical audit maer are i the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value esmates ii a high degree of auditor judgment, subjecvity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluang managements significant assumpons related to a the projected revenues, projected expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, and discount rate for the VCF developed technology, b certain projected revenues, customer retenon rate, customer ramp up period, and discount rate for the certain customer contracts and related relaonships, c the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate and discount rate for the VCF inprocess research and development, and d certain projected revenues, brand asset phaseout paern, brand asset royalty rate, and discount rate for the VMware trade name collecvely referred to as the aforemenoned significant assumpons and iii the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the maer involved performing procedures and evaluang audit evidence in connecon with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included tesng the effecveness of controls relang to the acquision accounng, including controls over managements valuaon of the acquired developed technology, customer contracts and related relaonships, inprocess research and development, and the trade names. These procedures also included, among others, i reading the purchase agreement ii tesng managements process for developing the fair value esmate of the acquired VCF developed technology, certain customer contracts and related relaonships, VCF inprocess research and development, and the VMware trade name iii evaluang the appropriateness of the mulperiod excess earnings, withandwithout, and relieffromroyalty methods used by management iv tesng the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the mulperiod excess earnings, withandwithout, and relieffrom royalty methods and v evaluang the reasonableness of the aforemenoned significant assumpons used by management. Evaluang managements assumpons related to a the projected revenues and projected expenses for the VCF developed technology, b certain projected revenues, customer retenon rate, and customer ramp up period for the certain customer contracts and related relaonships, c projected revenues for the VCF inprocess research and development, and d certain projected revenues for the VMware trade name involved considering i the current and past performance of VMware ii the consistency with external market and industry data and iii whether the assumpons were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in i evaluang the appropriateness of mulperiod excess earnings, with andwithout, and relieffromroyalty methods and ii the reasonableness of a the technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charge, and discount rate for the VCF developed technology, b the discount rate for the certain customer contracts and related relaonships, c the technology obsolescence rate and discount rate for the VCF inprocess research and development, and d brand asset phaseout paern, brand asset royalty rate, and discount rate for the VMware trade name. s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California December 20, 2024 We have served as the Companys auditor since 2006. 50 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions, except par value ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 9,348 $ 14,189 Trade accounts receivable, net 4,416 3,154 Inventory 1,760 1,898 Other current assets 4,071 1,606 Total current assets 19,595 20,847 Longterm assets Property, plant and equipment, net 2,521 2,154 Goodwill 97,873 43,653 Intangible assets, net 40,583 3,867 Other longterm assets 5,073 2,340 Total assets $ 165,645 $ 72,861 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilies Accounts payable $ 1,662 $ 1,210 Employee compensaon and benefits 1,971 935 Current poron of longterm debt 1,271 1,608 Other current liabilies 11,793 3,652 Total current liabilies 16,697 7,405 Longterm liabilies Longterm debt 66,295 37,621 Other longterm liabilies 14,975 3,847 Total liabilies 97,967 48,873 Commitments and conngencies Note 14 Stockholders equity Preferred stock, $0.001 par value 100 shares authorized none issued and outstanding   Common stock, $0.001 par value 29,000 shares authorized 4,686 and 4,139 shares issued and outstanding as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respecvely 5 4 Addional paidin capital 67,466 21,095 Retained earnings  2,682 Accumulated other comprehensive income 207 207 Total stockholders equity 67,678 23,988 Total liabilies and equity $ 165,645 $ 72,861 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 51 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Fiscal Year Ended November 3, October 29, October 30, 2024 2023 2022 In millions, except per share data Net revenue Products $ 30,359 $ 27,891 $ 26,277 Subscripons and services 21,215 7,928 6,926 Total net revenue 51,574 35,819 33,203 Cost of revenue Cost of products sold 9,797 8,636 7,629 Cost of subscripons and services 2,991 636 627 Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets 6,023 1,853 2,847 Restructuring charges 254 4 5 Total cost of revenue 19,065 11,129 11,108 Gross margin 32,509 24,690 22,095 Research and development 9,310 5,253 4,919 Selling, general and administrave 4,959 1,592 1,382 Amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets 3,244 1,394 1,512 Restructuring and other charges 1,533 244 57 Total operang expenses 19,046 8,483 7,870 Operang income 13,463 16,207 14,225 Interest expense 3,953 1,622 1,737 Other income expense, net 406 512 54 Income from connuing operaons before income taxes 9,916 15,097 12,434 Provision for income taxes 3,748 1,015 939 Income from connuing operaons 6,168 14,082 11,495 Loss from disconnued operaons, net of income taxes 273   Net income 5,895 14,082 11,495 Dividends on preferred stock   272 Net income aributable to common stock $ 5,895 $ 14,082 $ 11,223 Basic income per share aributable to common stock Income per share from connuing operaons $ 1.33 $ 3.39 $ 2.74 Loss per share from disconnued operaons 0.06   Net income per share $ 1.27 $ 3.39 $ 2.74 Diluted income per share aributable to common stock Income per share from connuing operaons $ 1.29 $ 3.30 $ 2.65 Loss per share from disconnued operaons 0.06   Net income per share $ 1.23 $ 3.30 $ 2.65 Weightedaverage shares used in per share calculaons Basic 4,624 4,149 4,089 Diluted 4,778 4,272 4,232 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 52 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Fiscal Year Ended November 3, October 29, October 30, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Net income $ 5,895 $ 14,082 $ 11,495 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Change in unrealized gain on derivave instruments 1 290 37 Change in actuarial loss and prior service costs associated with defined benefit plans 1 29 25 Other comprehensive income, net of tax  261 62 Comprehensive income $ 5,895 $ 14,343 $ 11,557 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 53 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Fiscal Year Ended November 3, October 29, October 30, 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cash flows from operang acvies Net income $ 5,895 $ 14,082 $ 11,495 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operang acvies Amorzaon of intangible and rightofuse assets 9,417 3,333 4,455 Depreciaon 593 502 529 Stockbased compensaon 5,741 2,171 1,533 Deferred taxes and other noncash taxes 1,965 501 34 Loss on debt exnguishment 157  100 Noncash interest expense 427 132 129 Other 404 9 183 Changes in assets and liabilies, net of acquisions and disposals Trade accounts receivable, net 2,327 187 870 Inventory 150 27 627 Accounts payable 121 209 79 Employee compensaon and benefits 78 279 136 Other current assets and current liabilies 5,323 628 222 Other longterm assets and longterm liabilies 1,990 785 436 Net cash provided by operang acvies 19,962 18,085 16,736 Cash flows from invesng acvies Acquisions of businesses, net of cash acquired 25,978 53 246 Proceeds from sale of business 3,485   Purchases of property, plant and equipment 548 452 424 Purchases of investments 175 346 200 Sales of investments 156 228 200 Other 10 66 3 Net cash used in invesng acvies 23,070 689 667 Cash flows from financing acvies Proceeds from longterm borrowings 39,954  1,935 Payments on debt obligaons 19,608 403 2,361 Payments of dividends 9,814 7,645 7,032 Repurchases of common stock  repurchase program 7,176 5,824 7,000 Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesng of equity awards 5,216 1,861 1,455 Issuance of common stock 190 122 114 Other 63 12 17 Net cash used in financing acvies 1,733 15,623 15,816 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 4,841 1,773 253 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 14,189 12,416 12,163 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 9,348 $ 14,189 $ 12,416 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow informaon Cash paid for interest $ 3,250 $ 1,503 $ 1,386 Cash paid for income taxes $ 3,155 $ 1,782 $ 908 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 54 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 8.00% Mandatory Converble Preferred Accumulated Stock Common Stock Addional Other Total Paidin Retained Comprehensive Stockholders Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Capital Earnings Income Loss Equity In millions Balance as of October 31, 2021 4 $  4,129 $ 4 $ 24,326 $ 748 $ 116 $ 24,962 Net income      11,495  11,495 Other comprehensive income       62 62 Fair value of parally vested equity awards assumed in connecon with an acquision     4   4 Dividends to common stockholders     50 6,683  6,733 Dividends to preferred stockholders      272  272 Common stock issued   77  114   114 Stockbased compensaon     1,533   1,533 Repurchases of common stock   117  3,316 3,684  7,000 Common stock issued in connecon with Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock conversion 4  116      Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesng of equity awards   26  1,456   1,456 Balance as of October 30, 2022   4,179 4 21,155 1,604 54 22,709 Net income      14,082  14,082 Other comprehensive income       261 261 Dividends to common stockholders      7,645  7,645 Common stock issued   77  122   122 Stockbased compensaon     2,171   2,171 Repurchases of common stock   91  481 5,359  5,840 Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesng of equity awards   26  1,872   1,872 Balance as of October 29, 2023   4,139 4 21,095 2,682 207 23,988 Net income      5,895  5,895 Issuance of common stock upon the acquision of VMware, Inc.   544 1 53,420   53,421 Fair value of parally vested equity awards assumed in connecon with the acquision of VMware, Inc.     750   750 Dividends to common stockholders     2,809 7,005  9,814 Common stock issued   108  190   190 Stockbased compensaon     5,747   5,747 Repurchases of common stock   67  5,604 1,572  7,176 Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesng of equity awards   38  5,323   5,323 Balance as of November 3, 2024  $  4,686 $ 5 $ 67,466 $  $ 207 $ 67,678 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 55 Table of Contents BROADCOM INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Overview and Basis of Presentaon Overview Broadcom Inc. Broadcom, a Delaware corporaon, is a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure soware soluons. We develop semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog IIIV based products. We offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, including arficial intelligence AI networking and connecvity, home connecvity, settop boxes, broadband access, telecommunicaon equipment, smartphones and base staons, data center servers and storage systems, factory automaon, power generaon and alternave energy systems, and electronic displays. Our infrastructure soware soluons help enterprises simplify their informaon technology IT environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applicaons across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud plaorms. Our porolio of infrastructure and security soware is designed to modernize, opmize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automaon, insights, resiliency and security making it easy for customers to run their missioncrical workloads. We also offer missioncrical fibre channel storage area networking FC SAN products and related soware in the form of modules, switches and subsystems incorporang mulple semiconductor products. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to Broadcom, we, our, and us mean Broadcom and its consolidated subsidiaries. We have two reportable segments semiconductor soluons and infrastructure soware. See Note 13. Segment Informaon for addional informaon. On November 22, 2023, we completed the acquision of VMware, Inc. VMware in a cashandstock transacon the VMware Merger. The VMware stockholders received approximately $30,788 million in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock on a split adjusted basis with a fair value of $53,398 million. VMware was a leading provider of mulcloud services for all applicaons, enabling digital innovaon with enterprise control. We acquired VMware to enhance our infrastructure soware capabilies. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operaons of VMware commencing on November 22, 2023. See Note 4. Acquisions for addional informaon. Basis of Presentaon We operate on a 52 or 53week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to October 31. Our fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 fiscal year 2024 was a 53week fiscal year, with the first fiscal quarter containing 14 weeks. Our fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 fiscal year 2022 were both 52week fiscal years. The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Broadcom and its subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounng principles in the United States GAAP. All intercompany balances and transacons have been eliminated in consolidaon. On July 12, 2024, we completed a tenforone forward stock split of our common stock through the filing of an amendment Amendment to our Amended and Restated Cerficate of Incorporaon. The Amendment proporonately increased the number of shares of our authorized common stock without changing the par value of $0.001 per share. All share, equity award and per share amounts and related stockholders equity balances presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been retroacvely adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the stock split. 2. Summary of Significant Accounng Policies Foreign currency remeasurement. We operate in a U.S. dollar funconal currency environment. Foreign currency assets and liabilies for monetary accounts are remeasured into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. Nonmonetary items such as inventory and property, plant and equipment, are measured and recorded at historical exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency remeasurement were not material for any period presented. Use of esmates. The preparaon of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make esmates and assumpons that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilies and disclosure of conngent assets and liabilies at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporng period. Actual results could differ materially from these esmates, and such differences could affect the results of operaons reported in future periods. 56 Table of Contents Cash and cash equivalents. We consider all highly liquid investment securies with original maturies of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. We determine the appropriate classificaon of our cash and cash equivalents at the me of purchase. Trade accounts receivable, net. Trade accounts receivable are recognized at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Accounts receivable are reduced by an allowance for doubul accounts, which is our best esmate of the expected credit losses in our exisng accounts receivable. We determine the allowance based on historical experience and current economic condions, among other factors. Allowances for doubul accounts were not material as of November 3, 2024 or October 29, 2023. Accounts receivable are also recognized net of sales returns and distributor credit allowances. These amounts are recognized when it is both probable and esmable that discounts will be granted or products will be returned. Allowances for sales returns and distributor credit allowances as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023 were $101 million and $137 million, respecvely. Concentraons of credit risk and significant customers. Our cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable are potenally subject to concentraon of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents may be redeemable upon demand and are maintained with financial instuons that management believes are of high credit quality and therefore bear minimal credit risk. We seek to migate our credit risks by spreading such risks across mulple counterpares and monitoring the risk profile of these counterpares. Our accounts receivable are derived from revenue earned from customers located both within and outside the U.S. We migate collecon risks from our customers by performing regular credit evaluaons of our customers financial condions, and require collateral, such as leers of credit and bank guarantees, in certain circumstances. Concentraon of other risks. We operate in markets that are highly compeve and rapidly changing. Significant technological changes, shiing customer needs, the emergence of compeve products with new capabilies, general economic condions worldwide, the ability to safeguard patents and other intellectual property IP in a rapidly evolving market and reliance on thirdparty wafer fabricators, assembly and test subcontractors and independent distributors and other factors could affect our financial results. Inventory. We value our inventory at the lower of actual cost or net realizable value of the inventory, with cost being determined under the firstin, first out method. We record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and producon requirements. The excess and obsolete balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess and obsolete inventory charge and the wriendown value of the inventory becomes its new cost basis. Rerement benefit plans. For defined benefit pension plans, we consider various factors in determining our respecve benefit obligaons and net periodic benefit cost, including the number of employees that we expect to receive benefits, their salary levels and years of service, the expected return on plan assets, the discount rate, the ming of the payment of benefits, and other actuarial assumpons. If the actual results and events of the benefit plans differ from our current assumpons, the benefit obligaons may be over or undervalued. The key assumpons are the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. The U.S. discount rates are based on a hypothecal yield curve constructed using highquality corporate bonds selected to yield cash flows that match the expected ming and amount of the benefit payments. The U.S. expected rate of return on plan assets is set equal to the discount rate due to the implementaon of our fullymatched, liabilitydriven investment strategy. We evaluate these assumpons at least annually. For the nonU.S. plans, we set assumpons specific to each country. We have elected to measure defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilies as of October 31, which is the month end that is closest to our fiscal year end. Derivave instruments. We use derivave financial instruments to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk. We do not use derivave financial instruments for speculave or trading purposes. Outstanding derivaves are recognized as assets or liabilies at their fair values based on Level 2 inputs, as defined in the fair value hierarchy. For derivave instruments designated as cash flow hedges, the changes in fair value are inially recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax in the period of change, and are subsequently reclassified and recognized in the same line item as the hedged item when either the hedged transacons affect earnings or it becomes probable that the hedged transacons will not occur. We use foreign exchange forward contracts to manage exposure to foreign exchange risk. These forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments, and the changes in fair value are recognized in other income expense, net in the period of change. We did not have any material foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding as of November 3, 2024 or October 29, 2023. The gains and losses recorded in other income expense, net for derivave instruments not designated as hedges were not material. 57 Table of Contents During fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we entered into treasury rate lock contracts that mature in approximately one year to hedge variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of ancipated future debt issuances. These treasury rate locks were designated and accounted for as cash flow hedging instruments. In August 2023, we early seled all treasury rate lock contracts, which had a $5.5 billion noonal amount, for a cumulave gain of $371 million. The cumulave gain was recorded net of tax of $44 million as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income as of October 29, 2023. The cash receipts from the selement were included in cash flows from operang acvies in the consolidated statement of cash flows during fiscal year 2023. In fiscal year 2024, upon the issuance of our $1.75 billion 4.800% senior notes due October 2034 as discussed in Note 10. Borrowings, $75 million out of the $371 million pretax cumulave gain in accumulated other comprehensive income will be amorzed to interest expense through October 15, 2034 using the effecve interest method. The remaining cumulave gain will be amorzed to interest expense associated with future debt referencing the hedged treasury rates. Property, plant and equipment. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciaon and amorzaon. Addions, improvements and major renewals are capitalized, and maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed as incurred. Assets are held in construcon in progress unl placed in service, upon which date, we begin to depreciate these assets. When assets are rered or disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciaon and amorzaon are removed from our property, plant and equipment balances and the resulng gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operaons. Buildings and leasehold improvements are generally depreciated over 15 to 40 years, or over the lease period, whichever is shorter, and machinery and equipment are generally depreciated over 3 to 10 years. We use the straightline method of depreciaon for all property, plant and equipment. Leases. We determine if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at the incepon of the arrangement and evaluate whether the lease is an operang lease or a finance lease at the commencement date. We recognize rightofuse ROU assets and lease liabilies for operang and finance leases with terms greater than 12 months, and account for the lease and nonlease components as a single component. ROU assets represent our right to use an asset for the lease term, while lease liabilies represent our obligaon to make lease payments. Operang and finance lease ROU assets and liabilies are recognized based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term at the lease commencement date. We use the implicit interest rate or, if not readily determinable, our incremental borrowing rate as of the lease commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is based on our unsecured borrowing rate, adjusted for the effects of collateral. Operang and finance lease ROU assets are recognized net of any lease prepayments and incenves. Lease terms may include opons to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that opon. Operang lease expense is recognized on a straightline basis over the lease term. Finance lease expense is recognized based on the effecve interest method over the lease term. Fair value measurement. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transacon between market parcipants at the measurement date. A threelevel hierarchy is applied to priorize the inputs to valuaon techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in acve markets for idencal assets or liabilies Level 1 measurements and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs Level 3 measurements. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under the guidance on fair value measurements are described below Level 1  Level 1 inputs are quoted prices unadjusted in acve markets for idencal assets or liabilies that the reporng enty has the ability to access at the measurement date. Our Level 1 assets include cash equivalents, bankers acceptances, trading securies investments and investment funds. We measure trading securies investments and investment funds at quoted market prices as they are traded in acve markets with sufficient volume and frequency of transacons. Level 2  Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified contractual term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substanally the full term of the asset or liability. Level 3  Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability in which there is lile, if any, market acvity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. Level 3 assets and liabilies include investment in equity securies without readily determinable fair values, goodwill, intangible assets, and property, plant and equipment, which are measured at fair value using a discounted cash flow approach when they are impaired. Quantave informaon for Level 3 assets and liabilies reviewed at each reporng period includes indicators of significant deterioraon in the earnings performance, credit rang, asset quality, business prospects of the investee, and financial indicators of the investees ability to connue as a going concern. Business combinaons. We account for business combinaons under the acquision method of accounng, which requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilies assumed at their acquision date fair 58 Table of Contents values, except for revenue contracts acquired, which are recognized in accordance with our revenue recognion policy. While we use our best esmates and assumpons to accurately value assets acquired and liabilies assumed at the acquision date as well as conngent consideraon, where applicable, our esmates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquision date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilies assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determinaon of the values of assets acquired or liabilies assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recognized in our consolidated statements of operaons. Accounng for business combinaons requires our management to make significant esmates and assumpons, especially at the acquision date, for intangible assets, contractual obligaons assumed, restructuring liabilies, preacquision conngencies, and conngent consideraon, where applicable. Although we believe the assumpons and esmates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and informaon obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Crical esmates in valuing certain acquired intangible assets include the present value of projected cash flows regarding the projected revenues, projected expenses which include cost of revenue, research and development and selling, general and administrave expenses, technology obsolescence rate, contributory asset charges, discount rate and income tax rate for developed technology the projected revenues, customer retenon rate, customer ramp up period, discount rate and income tax rate for the customer contracts and related relaonships the projected revenues, technology obsolescence rate, expected costs to develop inprocess research and development IPRD into commercially viable products, discount rate and income tax rate for the IPRD and the projected revenues, brand asset phaseout paern, brand asset royalty rate, discount rate and the income tax rate for the trade name. Unancipated events and circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy or validity of such assumpons, esmates or actual results. Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and idenfiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is not amorzed but is reviewed annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise for impairment. To review for impairment, we first assess qualitave factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determinaon that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount. Our qualitave assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industryspecific and companyspecific factors. Those factors include i severe adverse industry or economic trends ii significant companyspecific acons, including exing an acvity in conjuncon with restructuring of operaons iii current, historical or projected deterioraon of our financial performance or iv a sustained decrease in our market capitalizaon below our net book value. Aer assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporng units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporng unit and compare the fair value to the reporng units net book value. If the fair value of the reporng unit is greater than its net book value, there is no impairment. Otherwise, we calculate the implied fair value of goodwill by deducng the fair value of all tangible and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, of the reporng unit from the fair value of the reporng unit. The implied fair value of goodwill is compared to the carrying value of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference. Determining the fair value of a reporng unit involves the use of significant esmates and assumpons. Longlived assets. Purchased finitelived intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amorzaon. Amorzaon is recognized over the periods during which the intangible assets are expected to contribute to our cash flows. Purchased IPRD projects are capitalized at fair value as an indefinitelived intangible asset and assessed for impairment thereaer. Upon compleon of each underlying project, IPRD assets are reclassified as amorzable purchased intangible assets and amorzed over their esmated useful lives. If an IPRD project is abandoned, we recognize the carrying value of the related intangible asset in our consolidated statements of operaons in the period it is abandoned. On a quarterly basis, we monitor factors and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of longlived assets, including purchased intangible assets, ROU assets, and property, plant and equipment, may not be recoverable. Factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include i significant underperformance relave to historical or projected future operang results, ii significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, and iii significant negave industry or economic trends. An impairment loss must be measured if the sum of the expected future cash flows undiscounted and before interest from the use and eventual disposion of the asset or asset group is less than the net book value of the asset or asset group. The amount of the impairment loss will generally be measured as the difference between the net book value of the asset or asset group and the esmated fair value. Warranty. We accrue for the esmated costs of product warranes at the me revenue is recognized. Product warranty costs are esmated based upon our historical experience and specific idenficaon of the product requirements, which may fluctuate based on product mix. Addionally, we accrue for warranty costs associated with occasional or unancipated product quality issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably esmated. 59 Table of Contents Revenue recognion. We account for a contract with a customer when both pares have approved the contract and are commied to perform their respecve obligaons, each partys rights can be idenfied, payment terms can be idenfied, the contract has commercial substance, and it is probable we will collect substanally all of the consideraon we are entled to. Revenue is recognized when, or as, performance obligaons are sasfied by transferring control of a promised product or service to a customer. Payment terms and condions vary by contract type, and terms between invoicing and when payment is due are shortterm in duraon. The ming of revenue recognion and required payments can differ and payment terms are generally structured to provide the customer with predictable and dependable ways to procure our products, not to provide or receive financing from the customer. Nature of Products and Services Our products and services can be broadly categorized as sales of products and subscripons and services. The following is a descripon of the principal acvies from which we generate revenue. Products. We recognize revenue from sales to direct customers and distributors when control transfers to the customer. Rebates and incenves offered to distributors, which are earned when sales to end customers are completed, are esmated at the point of revenue recognion. We have elected to exclude from the transacon price any taxes collected from a customer and to account for shipping and handling acvies performed aer a customer obtains control of the product as acvies to fulfill the promise to transfer the product. From me to me, certain customers agree to pay us secure supply fees in exchange for priorized fulfillment of product orders. Such fees are included in the transacon price of the product orders and are recognized as revenue in the period that control over the products is transferred to the customer. Subscripons and services. Our subscripons and services revenue consists of sales and royales from soware arrangements, support services, professional services, transfer of IP, and nonrecurring engineering NRE arrangements. Revenue from soware arrangements primarily consists of fees, which may be paid either at contract incepon or in installments over the contract term, that provide customers with a right to use the soware, access general support and maintenance, and ulize our professional services. Our soware licenses have standalone funconality from which customers derive benefit, and the customer obtains control of the soware when it is delivered or made available for download. We believe that for the majority of soware arrangements, customers derive significant benefit from the ongoing support we provide. Certain of our subscripons and services arrangements permit our customers to unilaterally terminate or cancel these arrangements at any me at the customers convenience, referred to as terminaon for convenience provisions, without substanve terminaon penalty and receive a pro rata refund of any prepaid fees. Accordingly, we account for arrangements with these terminaon for convenience provisions as a series of daily contracts, resulng in ratable revenue recognion of soware revenue over the contractual period. Support services consist primarily of telephone support and the provision of unspecified updates and upgrades on a whenandifavailable basis. Support services represent standready obligaons for which revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement. Professional services consist of implementaon, consulng, customer educaon and customer training services. The obligaon to provide professional services is generally sasfied over me, with the customer simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefits as we sasfy our performance obligaons. Rights to our IP are either sold or licensed to a customer. IP revenue recognion is dependent on the nature and terms of each agreement. We recognize IP revenue upon delivery of the IP if there are no substanve future obligaons to perform under the arrangement. Salesbased or usagebased royales from the license of IP are recognized at the later of the period the sales or usages occur or the sasfacon of the performance obligaon to which some or all of the salesbased or usagebased royales have been allocated. There are two main categories of NRE contracts that we enter into with our customers a NRE contracts in which we develop a custom chip and b NRE contracts in which we accelerate our development of a new chip upon the customers request. The majority of our NRE contract revenues meet the over me criteria. As such, revenue is recognized over the development period with the measure of progress using the input method based on costs incurred to total cost as the services are provided. For NRE contracts that do not meet the over me criteria, revenue is recognized at a point in me when the NRE services are complete. Material rights. Contracts with customers may also include material rights that are also performance obligaons. These include the right to renew or receive products or services at a discounted price in the future. Revenue allocated to material rights is recognized when the customer exercises the right or the right expires. 60 Table of Contents Arrangements with Mulple Performance Obligaons Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a disnct performance obligaon. Allocaon of consideraon. We allocate total contract consideraon to each disnct performance obligaon in a bundled arrangement on a relave standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. Standalone selling price. When available, we use directly observable transacons to determine the standalone selling prices for performance obligaons. When directly observable transacons are not available, our esmates of standalone selling price for each performance obligaon require judgment that considers mulple factors, including, but not limited to, reasonably available data points such as costs incurred to provide the good or service, market condions, entyspecific factors such as pricing strategies and objecves, and informaon about the customer. We separately determine the standalone selling prices by product or service type. Addionally, we segment the standalone selling prices for products where the pricing strategies differ, and where there are differences in customers and circumstances that warrant segmentaon. We also esmate the standalone selling price of our material rights. We esmate the value of the customers opon to purchase or receive addional products or services at a discounted price by esmang the incremental discount the customer would obtain when exercising the opon and the likelihood that the opon would be exercised. Other Policies and Judgments Contract modificaons. We may modify contracts to offer customers addional products or services. Each of the addional products and services is generally considered disnct from those products or services transferred to the customer before the modificaon. We evaluate whether the contract price for the addional products and services reflects the standalone selling price as adjusted for facts and circumstances applicable to that contract. In these cases, we account for the addional products or services as a separate contract. In other cases where the pricing in the modificaon does not reflect the standalone selling price as adjusted for facts and circumstances applicable to that contract, we account for the addional products or services as part of the exisng contract on a prospecve basis, on a cumulave catchup basis, or a combinaon of both based on the nature of the modificaon. In instances where the pricing in the modificaon offers the customer a credit for a prior arrangement, we adjust our variable consideraon reserves for returns and other concessions. Right of return. Certain contracts contain a right of return that allows the customer to cancel all or a poron of the product or service and receive a credit. We esmate returns based on historical returns data which is constrained to an amount for which a material revenue reversal is not probable. We do not recognize revenue for products or services that are expected to be returned. Praccal expedient elected. We do not disclose the value of unsasfied performance obligaons for i contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and ii contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. For contracts that were modified before the beginning of the earliest reporng period presented, we have not retrospecvely restated the contract for those modificaons. We have disclosed the aggregate effect of all modificaons when idenfying the sasfied and unsasfied performance obligaons for purposes of determining the transacon price and allocang the transacon price at transion. Research and development. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers and third pares engaged in the design and development of our products, soware and technologies, including salary, bonus and stockbased compensaon expense, project material costs, services and depreciaon. Such costs are charged to research and development expense as they are incurred. Stockbased compensaon expense. We recognize compensaon expense for mebased restricted stock units RSUs using the straightline amorzaon method based on the fair value of RSUs on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs is the closing market price of Broadcom common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid on Broadcom common stock prior to vesng. We recognize compensaon expense for mebased stock opons and employee stock purchase plan rights under the Broadcom Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended ESPP based on the esmated grantdate fair value determined using the BlackScholes valuaon model with a straightline amorzaon method. Certain equity awards include both service and market condions. The fair value of marketbased awards is esmated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo simulaon technique. Compensaon expense for marketbased awards is amorzed based upon a graded vesng method over the service period. 61 Table of Contents We esmate forfeitures expected to occur and recognize stockbased compensaon expense for such awards expected to vest. We will recognize addional expense if actual forfeitures are lower than we esmated, and will recognize a benefit if actual forfeitures are higher than we esmated. Changes in the esmated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on stockbased compensaon expense since the effect of adjusng the rate is recognized in the period the forfeiture esmate is changed. Shipping and handling costs. Our shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in net revenue and the associated expense is included in cost of revenue for all periods presented. Ligaon and selement costs. We are involved in legal acons and other maers arising in our recent business acquisions and in the normal course of business. We recognize an esmated loss conngency when the outcome is probable prior to issuance of the consolidated financial statements and we are able to reasonably esmate the amount or range of any possible loss. Income taxes. We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognion of deferred tax assets and liabilies for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilies are determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilies using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilies is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. In making such determinaon, we consider all available posive and negave evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilies, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operaons. If we determine that we are able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net carrying values, we adjust the valuaon allowance and reduce the provision for income taxes or increase the benefit from income taxes. Likewise, if we determine that we are not able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, we increase the provision for income taxes or decrease the benefit from income taxes in the period such determinaon is made. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted on December 22, 2017 the 2017 Tax Act introduced significant changes to U.S. income tax law. The Global Intangible LowTaxed Income GILTI provisions of the 2017 Tax Act require Broadcom to include in its U.S. income tax return foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of an allowable return on the foreign subsidiarys tangible assets. We have elected to record the impacts of GILTI during the period incurred. We account for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounng guidance on income taxes. This guidance provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax posion may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the posion will be sustained upon examinaon, including resoluons of any related appeals or ligaon processes, based on the technical merits. Net income per share. Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income aributable to common stock by the weightedaverage number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing net income aributable to common stock by the weightedaverage number of shares of common stock and potenally diluve shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Potenally diluve shares outstanding include the diluve effect of unvested RSUs and ESPP rights together referred to as equity awards, as well as converble preferred stock. Potenally diluve shares whose effect would have been andiluve are excluded from the computaon of diluted net income per share. The diluve effect of equity awards is calculated based on the average stock price for each fiscal period, using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for purchasing shares under the ESPP and the amount of compensaon expense for future service that we have not yet recognized are collecvely assumed to be used to repurchase shares. The diluve effect of converble preferred stock is calculated using the ifconverted method. The ifconverted method assumes that these securies were converted at the beginning of the reporng period to the extent that the effect is diluve. 3. Revenue from Contracts with Customers Disaggregaon We have considered 1 informaon that is regularly reviewed by our Chief Execuve Officer, who has been idenfied as the chief operang decision maker the CODM as defined by the authoritave guidance on segment reporng, in evaluang financial performance and 2 disclosures presented outside of our financial statements in our earnings releases and used in investor presentaons to disaggregate revenues. The principal category we use to disaggregate revenues is the nature of our products and subscripons and services, as presented in our consolidated statements of operaons. In addion, revenues by reportable segment are presented in Note 13. Segment Informaon. 62 Table of Contents The following tables present revenue disaggregated by type of revenue and by region for the periods presented Fiscal Year 2024 Europe, the Middle East Americas Asia Pacific and Africa Total In millions Products $ 2,244 $ 26,219 $ 1,896 $ 30,359 Subscripons and services 12,726 2,203 6,286 21,215 Total $ 14,970 $ 28,422 $ 8,182 $ 51,574 Fiscal Year 2023 Europe, the Middle East Americas Asia Pacific and Africa Total In millions Products $ 2,601 $ 23,263 $ 2,027 $ 27,891 Subscripons and services 5,678 657 1,593 7,928 Total $ 8,279 $ 23,920 $ 3,620 $ 35,819 Fiscal Year 2022 Europe, the Middle East Americas Asia Pacific and Africa Total In millions Products $ 2,371 $ 21,761 $ 2,145 $ 26,277 Subscripons and services 4,573 744 1,609 6,926 Total $ 6,944 $ 22,505 $ 3,754 $ 33,203 Although we recognize revenue for the majority of our products when tle and control transfer in Penang, Malaysia, we disclose net revenue by region based primarily on the geographic shipment locaon or delivery locaon specified by our distributors, original equipment manufacturer OEM customers, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or soware customers. Contract Balances Contract assets and contract liabilies balances were as follows November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Contract Assets $ 4,402 $ 955 Contract Liabilies $ 14,495 $ 2,786 Changes in our contract assets and contract liabilies primarily result from the ming difference between our performance and the customers payment. Contract assets and contract liabilies as of November 3, 2024 included the impact of VMware balances acquired on November 22, 2023. We fulfill our obligaons under a contract with a customer by transferring products and services in exchange for consideraon from the customer. We recognize a contract asset when we transfer products or services to a customer and the right to consideraon is condional on something other than the passage of me. Accounts receivable are recorded when the customer has been billed or the right to consideraon is uncondional. We recognize contract liabilies when we have received consideraon or an amount of consideraon is due from the customer and we have a future obligaon to transfer products or services. As of November 3, 2024, approximately 55% of contract liabilies related to contracts subject to terminaon for convenience provisions. The amount of revenue recognized during fiscal year 2024 that was included in the contract liabilies balance as of October 29, 2023 was $2,440 million. The amount of revenue recognized during fiscal year 2023 that was included in the contract liabilies balance as of October 30, 2022 was $2,915 million. 63 Table of Contents Remaining Performance Obligaons Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligaons represents the transacon price allocated to unsasfied or parally unsasfied performance obligaons. Remaining performance obligaons include unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods, but do not include contracts for soware, subscripons or services where the customer is not commied. The customer is not considered commied when terminaon for convenience without payment of a substanve penalty exists, either contractually or through customary business pracce. Addionally, as a praccal expedient, we have not included contracts that have an original duraon of one year or less, nor have we included contracts with salesbased or usagebased royales promised in exchange for a license of IP. Certain mulyear customer contracts in our semiconductor soluons and infrastructure soware segments contain firmly commied amounts and the remaining performance obligaons under these contracts as of November 3, 2024 were approximately $20.5 billion. We expect approximately 43% of this amount to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. For contracts with terminaon for convenience rights, our customers generally do not exercise those rights. In addion, the majority of our revenue is from contracts with a duraon of one year or less. Accordingly, our remaining performance obligaons disclosed above are not indicave of revenue for future periods. 4. Acquisions Acquision of VMware, Inc. On November 22, 2023, we completed the VMware Merger. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, each share of VMware common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the VMware Merger was indirectly converted into the right to receive, at the elecon of the holder of such share of VMware common stock, either $142.50 in cash or 2.52 shares of Broadcom common stock on a split adjusted basis. The stockholder elecon was prorated, such that the total number of shares of VMware common stock entled to receive cash and the total number of shares of VMware common stock entled to receive Broadcom common stock, in each case, was equal to 50% of the aggregate number of shares of VMware common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the VMware Merger. Based on the VMware stockholders elecons, the VMware stockholders received approximately $30,788 million in cash and 544 million shares of Broadcom common stock with a fair value of $53,398 million. We funded the cash poron of the VMware Merger with the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2023 Term Loans, as defined and discussed in Note 10. Borrowings, as well as cash on hand. We assumed $8,250 million of VMwares outstanding senior unsecured notes. Purchase Consideraon In millions Fair value of Broadcom common stock issued for outstanding VMware common stock $ 53,398 Cash paid for outstanding VMware common stock 30,788 Cash paid by Broadcom to rere VMwares term loan 1,257 Fair value of parally vested assumed VMware equity awards 805 Fair value of Broadcom common stock issued for accelerated VMware equity awards 23 Cash paid for accelerated VMware equity awards 13 Effecve selement of preexisng relaonships 6 Total purchase consideraon 86,290 Less cash acquired 6,642 Total purchase consideraon, net of cash acquired $ 79,648 We assumed all outstanding VMware RSU awards and performance stock unit PSU awards held by connuing employees. The assumed awards were converted into RSU awards for shares of Broadcom common stock. All outstanding inthemoney VMware stock opons and RSU awards held by non employee directors were accelerated and converted into the right to receive cash and shares of Broadcom common stock, in equal parts. 64 Table of Contents The following table presents our allocaon of the total purchase price, net of cash acquired Fair Value In millions Trade accounts receivable $ 3,571 Inventory 15 Assets heldforsale 5,206 Other current assets 757 Property, plant and equipment 531 Goodwill 54,206 Intangible assets 45,572 Other longterm assets 1,064 Total assets acquired 110,922 Accounts payable 359 Employee compensaon and benefits 848 Current poron of longterm debt 1,264 Liabilies heldforsale 1,901 Other current liabilies 11,041 Longterm debt 6,254 Other longterm liabilies 9,607 Total liabilies assumed 31,274 Fair value of net assets acquired $ 79,648 Goodwill is primarily aributable to the assembled workforce and ancipated synergies and economies of scale expected from the integraon of the VMware business. The synergies include certain cost savings, operang efficiencies and other strategic benefits projected to be achieved as a result of the VMware Merger. Goodwill is not deducble for tax purposes. Assets and liabilies heldforsale primarily included the enduser compung EUC business and certain other assets and liabilies, which were not aligned with our strategic objecves. On July 1, 2024, we sold the EUC business to KKR  Co. Inc. for cash consideraon of $3.5 billion, aer working capital adjustments. We do not have any material connuing involvement with this business and have presented its results in disconnued operaons. Our results of connuing operaons included $12,384 million of net revenue aributable to VMware for fiscal year 2024. It is impraccable to determine the effect on net income aributable to VMware as we immediately integrated VMware into our ongoing operaons. Transacon costs related to the VMware Merger of $255 million were primarily included in selling, general and administrave expense for fiscal year 2024. 65 Table of Contents Intangible Assets WeightedAverage Amorzaon Fair Value Periods In millions In years Developed technology $ 24,156 8 Customer contracts and related relaonships 15,239 8 Trade name 1,205 14 Offmarket component of customer contracts 242 2 Total idenfied finitelived intangible assets 40,842 IPRD 4,730 NA Total idenfied intangible assets $ 45,572 Developed technology relates to products used for VMware cloud foundaon, applicaon management, security, applicaon networking and security, and sowaredefined edge. We valued the developed technology using the mulperiod excess earnings method under the income approach. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the developed technology less charges represenng the contribuon of other assets to those cash flows. The economic useful life was determined based on the technology cycle related to each developed technology, as well as the cash flows over the forecast period. Customer contracts and related relaonships represent the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales of products to exisng customers of VMware. Customer contracts and related relaonships were valued using the withandwithoutmethod under the income approach. In the withandwithout method, the fair value was measured by the difference between the present values of the cash flows with and without the exisng customers in place over the period of me necessary to reacquire the customers. The economic useful life was determined by evaluang many factors, including the useful life of other intangible assets, the length of me remaining on the acquired contracts and the historical customer turnover rates. Trade name relates to the VMware trade name. The fair value was determined by applying the relieffromroyalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the applicaon of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue under the trade name. The economic useful life was determined based on the expected life of the trade name and the cash flows ancipated over the forecast period. Offmarket component of customer contracts relate to rebates and markeng development funds provided to customers prior to the VMware Merger. We valued these contracts based on their remaining unamorzed balances, which approximate their fair value. The economic useful life was determined based on the remaining terms of customer contracts. The fair value of IPRD was determined using the mulperiod excess earnings method under the income approach. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the IPRD, less charges represenng the contribuon of other assets to those cash flows. 66 Table of Contents The following table presents the details of IPRD by category as of the date of the VMware Merger Expected Release Percentage of Esmated Cost to Date Descripon IPRD Compleon Complete By Fiscal Year Dollars in millions VMware cloud foundaon July 2024 releases $ 790 67 % $ 38 2024 a VMware cloud foundaon March 2025 releases $ 2,900 58 % $ 185 2025 b VMware cloud foundaon July 2025 releases $ 750 43 % $ 65 2025 c VMware cloud foundaon networking and security virtualizaon $ 265 21 % $ 59 2024 a Applicaon networking and security $ 25 21 % $ 47 2024 a  a Released during fiscal year 2024. b $1,380 million of the $2,900 million was released during fiscal year 2024. The remaining balance is expected to be released during the second half of the fiscal year ending November 2, 2025 fiscal year 2025. c Expected to be released during the first half of the fiscal year ending November 1, 2026. VMware cloud foundaon is a private cloud plaorm that integrates compute, storage, networking, and management into a single soluon and provides license portability. It enables customers to modernize infrastructure and accelerate developer producvity with greater resilience and security. We believe the amounts of purchased intangible assets recorded above represent the fair values of, and approximate the amounts a market parcipant would pay for, these intangible assets as of the date of the VMware Merger. Unaudited Pro Forma Informaon The following unaudited pro forma financial informaon presents combined results of operaons for each of the periods presented, as if VMware had been acquired as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023. The unaudited pro forma informaon includes adjustments to amorzaon for intangible assets acquired, stockbased compensaon expense, interest expense for acquision financing, amorzaon of deferred assets and liabilies, and depreciaon for property and equipment acquired. The unaudited pro forma informaon presented below is for informaonal purposes only and is not necessarily indicave of our consolidated results of operaons of the combined business had the acquision actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2023 or of the results of our future operaons of the combined business. Fiscal Year 2024 2023 In millions Pro forma net revenue $ 52,188 $ 48,227 Pro forma net income $ 6,473 $ 8,215 Acquision of Seagates SoC Operaons On April 23, 2024, we acquired certain assets related to the design, development, and manufacture of SystemonChip SoC operaons of Seagate Technology Holdings plc for $600 million. We acquired these assets to strengthen our porolio of SoC products. The following table presents our allocaon of the total purchase price. Goodwill is allocated to the semiconductor soluons segment and is deducble for tax purposes. Fair Value In millions Intangible assets $ 570 Goodwill 14 Other assets 16 Total assets acquired $ 600 67 Table of Contents Intangible Assets WeightedAverage Amorzaon Fair Value Periods In millions In years Customer contracts and related relaonships $ 410 11 Developed technology 90 11 Total idenfied finitelived intangible assets 500 IPRD 70 NA Total idenfied intangible assets $ 570 Customer contracts and related relaonships represent the fair value of future projected revenue that will be derived from sales of SoC controller products for hard disk drive applicaons. Customer contracts and related relaonships were valued using the mulperiod excess earnings method under the income approach. This method reflects the present value of the projected cash flows that are expected to be generated by the customer contracts and related relaonships less charges represenng the contribuon of other assets to those cash flows. The economic useful life was determined based on the useful lives of other intangible assets and the length of me remaining on the acquired contracts. Developed technology relates to SoC controller products for hard disk drive applicaons. We valued the developed technology using the relieffrom royalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the applicaon of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue under the developed technology. The economic useful life was determined based on the technology cycle related to each developed technology, as well as the cash flows over the forecast period. The fair value of IPRD was determined using the relieffromroyalty method under the income approach. This method is based on the applicaon of a royalty rate to forecasted revenue from the IPRD. 5. Supplemental Financial Informaon Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents included $1,716 million and $1,470 million of me deposits and $1,171 million and $1,650 million of moneymarket funds as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respecvely. For me deposits, carrying value approximates fair value due to the shortterm nature of the instruments. The fair value of moneymarket funds, which was consistent with their carrying value, was determined using unadjusted prices in acve, accessible markets for idencal assets, and as such, they were classified as Level 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy. Accounts Receivable Factoring We sell certain of our trade accounts receivable on a nonrecourse basis to thirdparty financial instuons pursuant to factoring arrangements. We account for these transacons as sales of receivables and present cash proceeds as cash provided by operang acvies in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Total trade accounts receivable sold under the factoring arrangements were $5,900 million, $3,975 million and $3,700 million during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. Factoring fees for the sales of receivables were recorded in other income expense, net and were not material for any of the periods presented. Inventory November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Finished goods $ 504 $ 676 Workinprocess 970 901 Raw materials 286 321 Total inventory $ 1,760 $ 1,898 68 Table of Contents Property, Plant and Equipment, Net November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Land $ 204 $ 195 Construcon in progress 57 63 Buildings and leasehold improvements 1,518 1,181 Machinery and equipment 5,246 4,739 Total property, plant and equipment 7,025 6,178 Accumulated depreciaon and amorzaon 4,504 4,024 Total property, plant and equipment, net $ 2,521 $ 2,154 Depreciaon expense was $593 million, $502 million and $529 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. Other Current Assets November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Current poron of contract assets $ 1,916 $ 499 Prepaid expenses 1,391 743 Other 764 364 Total other current assets $ 4,071 $ 1,606 Other Current Liabilies November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Contract liabilies $ 9,395 $ 2,487 Tax liabilies 720 473 Interest payable 535 380 Other 1,143 312 Total other current liabilies $ 11,793 $ 3,652 Other LongTerm Liabilies November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Contract liabilies $ 5,100 $ 299 Deferred tax liabilies 4,703 99 Unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penales 3,669 2,792 Other 1,503 657 Total other longterm liabilies $ 14,975 $ 3,847 69 Table of Contents Other Income Expense, Net Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Interest income $ 461 $ 535 $ 100 Other income 21 15 30 Gain loss on investments 12 11 169 Other expense 64 49 15 Other income expense, net $ 406 $ 512 $ 54 Other income and other expense include foreign exchange gains and losses, factoring fees for the sales of receivables, and other miscellaneous items. Disconnued Operaons During fiscal year 2024, we sold the EUC business for $3.5 billion, aer working capital adjustments. In connecon with the sale, we agreed to provide transional services to the buyer on a shortterm basis. We do not have any material connuing involvement with this business and have presented its results in disconnued operaons. The following table summarizes the selected financial informaon of disconnued operaons Fiscal Year 2024 In millions Net revenue $ 858 Loss from disconnued operaons before income taxes $ 12 Provision for income taxes 261 Loss from disconnued operaons, net of income taxes $ 273 6. Leases We have operang and finance leases for our facilies, land, data centers and certain equipment. Operang lease expense was $187 million, $91 million and $98 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. Finance lease expense was $27 million, $16 million and $18 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. Other lease informaon, which included the impact of VMware leases acquired on November 22, 2023, was as follows. Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cash paid for operang leases included in operang cash flows $ 223 $ 90 $ 103 ROU assets obtained in exchange for operang lease liabilies $ 1,165 $ 28 $ 16 ROU assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilies $ 49 $  $ 1 November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 Weightedaverage remaining lease term  operang leases In years 11 10 Weightedaverage remaining lease term  finance leases In years 2 2 Weightedaverage discount rate  operang leases 5.31 % 3.90 % Weightedaverage discount rate  finance leases 3.13 % 3.09 % 70 Table of Contents Supplemental balance sheet informaon related to leases, which included the VMware leases acquired on November 22, 2023, was as follows November 3, October 29, Classificaon on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 2024 2023 In millions ROU assets  operang leases Other longterm assets $ 1,325 $ 463 ROU assets  finance leases Property, plant and equipment, net $ 15 $ 22 Shortterm lease liabilies  operang leases Other current liabilies $ 207 $ 60 Longterm lease liabilies  operang leases Other longterm liabilies $ 1,143 $ 359 Shortterm lease liabilies  finance leases Current poron of longterm debt $ 26 $ 45 Longterm lease liabilies  finance leases Longterm debt $ 13 $ 4 Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases as of November 3, 2024 were as follows November 3, 2024 Operang Leases Finance Leases In millions 2025 $ 268 $ 26 2026 194 8 2027 171 3 2028 144 2 2029 124 2 Thereaer 894  Total undiscounted liabilies 1,795 41 Less interest 445 2 Present value of lease liabilies $ 1,350 $ 39 7. Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill Semiconductor Soluons Infrastructure Soware Total In millions Balance as of October 30, 2022 $ 25,967 $ 17,647 $ 43,614 Acquisions 34 5 39 Balance as of October 29, 2023 26,001 17,652 43,653 Acquision of VMware  54,206 54,206 Acquision of Seagates SoC operaons 14  14 Balance as of November 3, 2024 $ 26,015 $ 71,858 $ 97,873 We completed three acquisions in fiscal year 2023, all of which qualified as business combinaons. The consideraon for these acquisions was primarily allocated to goodwill and intangible assets. During the fourth quarter of fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we completed our annual impairment assessments and concluded that goodwill was not impaired in any of these years. 71 Table of Contents Intangible Assets Gross Carrying Accumulated Net Book Amount Amorzaon Value In millions As of November 3, 2024 Purchased technology $ 35,467 $ 12,551 $ 22,916 Customer contracts and related relaonships 16,186 2,271 13,915 Trade names 1,720 369 1,351 Other 166 105 61 Intangible assets subject to amorzaon 53,539 15,296 38,243 IPRD 2,340  2,340 Total $ 55,879 $ 15,296 $ 40,583 As of October 29, 2023 Purchased technology $ 12,938 $ 10,723 $ 2,215 Customer contracts and related relaonships 7,059 5,753 1,306 Trade names 649 388 261 Other 177 102 75 Intangible assets subject to amorzaon 20,823 16,966 3,857 IPRD 10  10 Total $ 20,833 $ 16,966 $ 3,867 Based on the amount of intangible assets subject to amorzaon at November 3, 2024, the expected amorzaon expense for each of the next five fiscal years and thereaer was as follows Expected Amorzaon Fiscal Year Expense In millions 2025 $ 8,055 2026 7,571 2027 6,533 2028 5,443 2029 4,356 Thereaer 6,285 Total $ 38,243 The weightedaverage remaining amorzaon periods by intangible asset category were as follows November 3, Amorzable intangible assets 2024 In years Purchased technology 7 Customer contracts and related relaonships 7 Trade names 12 Other 7 72 Table of Contents 8. Net Income Per Share Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions, except per share data Numerator Income from connuing operaons $ 6,168 $ 14,082 $ 11,495 Dividends on preferred stock   272 Income from connuing operaons aributable to common stock 6,168 14,082 11,223 Loss from disconnued operaons, net of income taxes, aributable to common stock 273   Net income aributable to common stock $ 5,895 $ 14,082 $ 11,223 Denominator Weightedaverage shares outstanding  basic 4,624 4,149 4,089 Diluve effect of equity awards 154 123 143 Weightedaverage shares outstanding  diluted 4,778 4,272 4,232 Basic income per share aributable to common stock Income per share from connuing operaons $ 1.33 $ 3.39 $ 2.74 Loss per share from disconnued operaons 0.06   Net income per share $ 1.27 $ 3.39 $ 2.74 Diluted income per share aributable to common stock Income per share from connuing operaons $ 1.29 $ 3.30 $ 2.65 Loss per share from disconnued operaons 0.06   Net income per share $ 1.23 $ 3.30 $ 2.65 For fiscal year 2022, diluted net income per share excluded the potenally diluve effect of 104 million shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of 8.00% Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock, Series A, $0.001 par value per share Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock as their effect was andiluve. All shares of our Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock were converted into shares of our common stock before the end of fiscal year 2022. 9. Rerement Plans Defined Benefit Pension Plans The U.S. defined benefit pension plans primarily consist of a qualified pension plan. Benefits of the qualified pension plan are provided under an adjusted careeraveragepay program, a cashbalance program or a dollarpermonth program. Benefit accruals under this plan were frozen in 2009. Parcipants in the adjusted careeraveragepay program no longer earn service accruals. Parcipants in the cashbalance program no longer earn service accruals, but connue to earn 4% interest per year on their cashbalance accounts. There are no acve parcipants under the dollarpermonth program. We also have a frozen nonqualified supplemental pension plan in the United States that principally provides benefits based on compensaon in excess of amounts that can be considered under the qualified pension plan. For certain nonU.S. countries, we also have defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees. Eligibility is generally determined based on the terms of our plans and local statutory requirements. 73 Table of Contents Net Periodic Benefit Cost Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Service cost $ 17 $ 8 $ 8 Interest cost 63 60 39 Expected return on plan assets 60 59 39 Other 2  1 Net periodic benefit cost $ 18 $ 9 $ 9 Net actuarial gain loss $ 3 $ 20 $ 17 The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost are included in other income expense, net. Service cost is recognized in operang expenses. Benefit Obligaons and Plan Assets Pension Benefits November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Change in plan assets Fair value of plan assets  beginning of period $ 1,105 $ 1,160 Actual return on plan assets 123 19 Employer contribuons 21 15 Plan parcipants contribuons 1 1 Benefit payments 108 94 Plan assets acquired in VMware acquision 18  Foreign currency impact 2 4 Fair value of plan assets  end of period 1,158 1,105 Change in benefit obligaons Benefit obligaons  beginning of period 1,101 1,143 Service cost 17 8 Interest cost 63 60 Actuarial gain loss 65 22 Plan parcipants contribuons 1 1 Benefit payments 108 94 Curtailments 13  Benefit obligaons assumed in VMware acquision 72  Foreign currency impact 4 5 Benefit obligaons  end of period 1,194 1,101 Overfunded underfunded status of benefit obligaons a $ 36 $ 4 Actuarial losses and prior service costs recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes $ 106 $ 108  a Substanally all amounts recognized on the consolidated balance sheets were recorded in other longterm assets and other longterm liabilies for all periods presented. 74 Table of Contents Plans with benefit obligaons less than plan assets November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Projected benefit obligaons $ 1,064 $ 1,022 Accumulated benefit obligaons $ 1,063 $ 1,022 Fair value of plan assets $ 1,118 $ 1,079 Plans with benefit obligaons in excess of plan assets November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Projected benefit obligaons $ 130 $ 79 Accumulated benefit obligaons $ 99 $ 64 Fair value of plan assets $ 40 $ 26 The fair value of pension plan assets as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023 included $229 million and $204 million, respecvely, of assets for our nonU.S. pension plans. The projected benefit obligaons as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023 included $260 million and $202 million, respecvely, of obligaons related to our nonU.S. pension plans. The accumulated benefit obligaons as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023 included $229 million and $188 million, respecvely, of obligaons related to our nonU.S. pension plans. Expected Future Benefit Payments Expected Benefit Fiscal Years Payments In millions 2025 $ 99 2026 $ 98 2027 $ 97 2028 $ 95 2029 $ 95 20302034 $ 440 Investment Policy Plan assets of the U.S. qualified pension plan, which represent substanally all of the plan assets, are generally invested in funds held by thirdparty fund managers. Our benefit plan investment commiee has set the investment strategy to fully match the liability. We direct the overall porolio allocaon and use a thirdparty investment consultant that has the discreon to structure porolios and select the investment managers within those allocaon parameters. Mulple investment managers are ulized, including both acve and passive management approaches. The plan assets are invested using the liabilitydriven investment strategy intended to minimize market and interest rate risks, and those assets are periodically rebalanced toward asset allocaon targets. The target asset allocaon for the U.S. qualified pension plan reflects a riskreturn profile that we believe is appropriate relave to the liability structure and return goals for the plan. We periodically review the allocaon of plan assets relave to alternave allocaon models to evaluate the need for adjustments based on forecasted liabilies and plan liquidity needs. For both fiscal years 2024 and 2023, 100% of the U.S. qualified pension plan assets were allocated to fixed income, in line with the target allocaon. The fixed income allocaon is primarily directed toward longterm core bond investments, with smaller allocaons to Treasury InflaonProtected Securies and highyield bonds. 75 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurement of Plan Assets November 3, 2024 Fair Value Measurements at Reporng Date Using Level 1 Level 2 Total In millions Cash equivalents 17 a $  $ 17 Equity securies NonU.S. equity securies 83 b  83 Fixedincome securies U.S. treasuries  184 c 184 Corporate bonds  715 c 715 Municipal bonds  22 c 22 Government bonds  14 c 14 Assetbacked securies  1 c 1 Plan assets measured by fair value hierarchy $ 100 $ 936 1,036 Plan assets measured at net asset value 122 d Total plan assets $ 1,158 October 29, 2023 Fair Value Measurements at Reporng Date Using Level 1 Level 2 Total In millions Cash equivalents $ 16 a $  $ 16 Equity securies NonU.S. equity securies 62 b  62 Fixedincome securies U.S. treasuries  144 c 144 Corporate bonds  837 c 837 Municipal bonds  23 c 23 Government bonds  21 c 21 Assetbacked securies  2 c 2 Total plan assets $ 78 $ 1,027 $ 1,105  a Cash equivalents primarily included shortterm investment funds which consisted of shortterm money market instruments that were valued based on quoted prices in acve markets. b These equity securies were valued based on quoted prices in acve markets. c These amounts consisted of investments that were traded less frequently than Level 1 securies and were valued using inputs that included quoted prices for similar assets in acve markets and inputs other than quoted prices that were observable for the assets, such as interest rates, yield curves, prepayment speeds, collateral performance, brokerdealer quotes and indices that were observable at commonly quoted intervals. d Plan assets measured at fair value using net asset value as a praccal expedient were excluded from the fair value hierarchy. 76 Table of Contents Assumpons The assumpons used to determine the benefit obligaons and net periodic benefit cost for our defined benefit pension plans are presented in the table below. The expected longterm return on assets shown in the table below represents an esmate of longterm returns on investment porolios primarily consisng of combinaons of debt, equity and other investments, depending on the plan. The longterm rates of return are then weighted based on the asset classes in which the pension funds are invested. Discount rates reflect the current rate at which defined benefit pension obligaons could be seled based on the measurement dates of the plans, which is October 31, the month end closest to our fiscal year end. The range of assumpons reflects the different economic environments within various countries. Assumpons for Benefit Obligaons Assumpons for Net Periodic Benefit Cost as of Fiscal Year November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2022 Discount rate 1.75%6.75% 1.75%7.00% 1.75%7.10% 1.25%7.25% 0.75%6.50% Average increase in compensaon levels 2.00%8.80% 2.00%10.00% 2.00%8.80% 2.00%10.00% 2.00%10.00% Expected longterm return on assets NA NA 2.50%7.25% 2.50%7.00% 1.50%7.25% Defined Contribuon Plans Our eligible U.S. employees parcipate in a companysponsored 401k plan. Under the plan, we match employee contribuons dollar for dollar up to 6% of their eligible earnings. All matching contribuons vest immediately. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we made contribuons of $210 million, $100 million and $96 million, respecvely, to the 401k plan. The increase in fiscal year 2024 was due to the VMware Merger. In addion, other eligible employees outside of the U.S. receive rerement benefits under various defined contribuon rerement plans. 77 Table of Contents 10. Borrowings November 3, October 29, Effecve Interest Rate 2024 2023 Dollars in millions October 2024 Senior Notes  fixed rate 4.150% notes due February 2028 4.36 % $ 875 $  4.350% notes due February 2030 4.51 % 1,500  4.550% notes due February 2032 4.70 % 875  4.800% notes due October 2034 4.38 % 1,750  5,000  July 2024 Senior Notes  fixed rate 5.050% notes due July 2027 5.27 % 1,250  5.050% notes due July 2029 5.23 % 2,250  5.150% notes due November 2031 5.30 % 1,500  5,000  2023 Term Loans  floang rate SOFR plus 1.125% term loan due November 2026 6.23 % 5,595  SOFR plus 1.375% term loan due November 2028 6.31 % 8,000  13,595  April 2022 Senior Notes  fixed rate 4.000% notes due April 2029 4.17 % 750 750 4.150% notes due April 2032 4.30 % 1,200 1,200 4.926% notes due May 2037 5.33 % 2,500 2,500 4,450 4,450 September 2021 Senior Notes  fixed rate 3.137% notes due November 2035 4.23 % 3,250 3,250 3.187% notes due November 2036 4.79 % 2,750 2,750 6,000 6,000 March 2021 Senior Notes  fixed rate 3.419% notes due April 2033 4.66 % 2,250 2,250 3.469% notes due April 2034 4.63 % 3,250 3,250 5,500 5,500 January 2021 Senior Notes  fixed rate 1.950% notes due February 2028 2.10 % 750 750 2.450% notes due February 2031 2.56 % 2,750 2,750 2.600% notes due February 2033 2.70 % 1,750 1,750 3.500% notes due February 2041 3.60 % 3,000 3,000 3.750% notes due February 2051 3.84 % 1,750 1,750 10,000 10,000 June 2020 Senior Notes  fixed rate 3.459% notes due September 2026 4.19 % 752 752 4.110% notes due September 2028 5.02 % 1,118 1,118 1,870 1,870 May 2020 Senior Notes  fixed rate 2.250% notes due November 2023 2.40 %  105 3.150% notes due November 2025 3.29 % 900 900 78 Table of Contents November 3, October 29, Effecve Interest Rate 2024 2023 Dollars in millions 4.150% notes due November 2030 4.27 % 1,856 1,856 4.300% notes due November 2032 4.39 % 2,000 2,000 4,756 4,861 April 2020 Senior Notes  fixed rate 5.000% notes due April 2030 5.18 % 606 606 April 2019 Senior Notes  fixed rate 3.625% notes due October 2024 3.98 %  622 4.750% notes due April 2029 4.95 % 1,655 1,655 1,655 2,277 2017 Senior Notes  fixed rate 3.625% notes due January 2024 3.74 %  829 3.125% notes due January 2025 3.23 % 495 495 3.875% notes due January 2027 4.02 % 2,922 2,922 3.500% notes due January 2028 3.60 % 777 777 4,194 5,023 Assumed VMware Senior Notes  fixed rate 4.500% notes due May 2025 5.81 % 750  1.400% notes due August 2026 5.60 % 1,500  4.650% notes due May 2027 5.60 % 500  3.900% notes due August 2027 5.50 % 1,250  1.800% notes due August 2028 5.44 % 750  4.700% notes due May 2030 5.75 % 750  2.200% notes due August 2031 5.74 % 1,500  7,000  Assumed CA Senior Notes  fixed rate 4.700% notes due March 2027 5.15 % 215 215 Other senior notes  fixed rate 3.500% notes due August 2024 3.55 %  7 4.500% notes due August 2034 4.55 % 6 6 6 13 Total principal amount outstanding $ 69,847 $ 40,815 Current poron of principal amount outstanding $ 1,245 $ 1,563 Shortterm finance lease liabilies 26 45 Total current poron of longterm debt $ 1,271 $ 1,608 Noncurrent poron of principal amount outstanding $ 68,602 $ 39,252 Longterm finance lease liabilies 13 4 Unamorzed discount and issuance costs 2,320 1,635 Total longterm debt $ 66,295 $ 37,621 79 Table of Contents The senior notes and term loans are recorded net of discount and issuance costs, which are amorzed to interest expense over the respecve terms of such instruments. The effecve interest rates are calculated based on contractual interest, discount and issuance costs and, if applicable, reclassificaon of the cumulave gain from derivaves. See Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounng Policies for addional informaon for derivave instruments. Senior Notes We issued senior unsecured notes for an aggregate principal amount of $5,000 million in October 2024 and $5,000 million in July 2024. In connecon with the VMware Merger, we assumed $8,250 million of VMwares outstanding senior unsecured notes. We repaid $1,250 million of 1.000% notes upon maturity in August 2024. We may redeem or purchase, in whole or in part, any of our senior notes prior to their respecve maturies, subject to a specified makewhole premium determined in accordance with the indentures governing the respecve notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In the event of a change in control, note holders will have the right to require us to repurchase their notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 2023 Term Loans On August 15, 2023, we entered into a credit agreement the 2023 Credit Agreement, which provided us with the ability to borrow term loans in connecon with the VMware Merger. Upon compleon of the VMware Merger, we entered an $11,195 million unsecured term A2 facility the Term A2 Loan, an $11,195 million unsecured term A3 facility the Term A3 Loan, and an $8,000 million unsecured term A5 facility the Term A5 Loan, collecvely, the 2023 Term Loans. During fiscal year 2024, we repaid $11,195 million of our Term A2 Loan using the net proceeds from the senior notes issued in July 2024 and the sale of the EUC business, as well as cash on hand. We also repaid $5,600 million of our Term A3 Loan using the net proceeds from the senior notes issued in October 2024 and cash on hand. As a result of these repayments, we wrote off unamorzed discount and issuance costs of $157 million, which were included in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operaons. The 2023 Term Loans bear interest, payable monthly or every three months at our elecon, at floang interest rates ed to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR. The Term A3 Loan and Term A5 Loan will mature and be payable on the third or fih anniversary, respecvely, of the date of the VMware Merger. Subject to the terms of the 2023 Credit Agreement, we are permied to voluntarily make prepayments of the term loans without penalty. Our obligaons under the 2023 Credit Agreement are unsecured and are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries. 2021 Credit Agreement In January 2021, we entered into a credit agreement the 2021 Credit Agreement, which provides for a fiveyear $7.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, of which $500 million is available for the issuance of mulcurrency leers of credit. The issuance of leers of credit and certain other instruments would reduce the aggregate amount otherwise available under the revolving credit facility for revolving loans. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, we are permied to borrow, repay and reborrow revolving loans at any me prior to the earlier of a January 19, 2026 and b the date of terminaon in whole of the revolving lenders commitments under the 2021 Credit Agreement. We had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility at either November 3, 2024 or October 29, 2023. Commercial Paper We have a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes Commercial Paper in principal amount of up to $2 billion outstanding at any me with maturies of up to 397 days from the date of issue. Commercial Paper is sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and may be issued at a discount from par or, alternavely, may be sold at par and bear interest at rates dictated by market condions at the me of their issuance. The discount associated with the Commercial Paper is amorzed to interest expense over its term. Outstanding Commercial Paper reduces the amount that would otherwise be available to borrow for general corporate purposes under our revolving credit facility. We had no Commercial Paper outstanding at either November 3, 2024 or October 29, 2023. Fair Value of Debt As of November 3, 2024, the esmated aggregate fair value of our debt was $65,022 million. The fair value of our senior notes was determined using quoted prices from less acve markets. The carrying value of the 2023 Term Loans approximates their fair value as the 2023 Term Loans are carried at a market observable interest rate that resets periodically. All of our debt obligaons are categorized as Level 2 instruments. 80 Table of Contents Future Principal Payments of Debt The future scheduled principal payments of debt as of November 3, 2024 were as follows Future Scheduled Principal Fiscal Year Payments In millions 2025 $ 1,245 2026 3,152 2027 11,732 2028 4,270 2029 12,655 Thereaer 36,793 Total $ 69,847 As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 11. Stockholders Equity Stock Split On July 12, 2024, we completed a tenforone forward stock split of our common stock, proporonately increasing the number of shares of our authorized common stock from 2.9 billion to 29 billion without changing the par value of $0.001 per share. All share, equity award and per share amounts and related stockholders equity balances presented herein have been retroacvely adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the stock split. Cash Dividends Declared and Paid Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions, except per share data Dividends per share to common stockholders $ 2.105 $ 1.840 $ 1.640 Dividends to common stockholders $ 9,814 $ 7,645 $ 6,733 Dividends per share to preferred stockholders $  $  $ 80.00 Dividends to preferred stockholders $  $  $ 299 On September 30, 2019, we completed an offering of approximately 4 million shares of Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock, which generated net proceeds of approximately $3,679 million and would automacally convert into shares of our common stock on September 30, 2022. The holders of Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock were entled to receive, when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors, or an authorized commiee thereof, out of funds legally available for payment, cumulave dividends at the annual rate of 8.00% of the liquidaon preference of $1,000 per share equivalent to $80 annually per share, payable in cash or, subject to certain limitaons, by delivery of shares of our common stock or any combinaon of cash and shares of our common stock, at our elecon. During fiscal year 2022, outstanding shares of our Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock converted into an aggregate of approximately 116 million shares of our common stock at conversion rates ranging between 30.894 and 31.149 common shares per share of Mandatory Converble Preferred Stock. We paid cash in lieu of fraconal shares of common stock upon conversion. Stock Repurchase Programs In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to repurchase up to $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2022, which was subsequently extended to December 31, 2023. In May 2022, our Board of Directors authorized another stock repurchase program to repurchase up to an addional $10 billion of our common stock from me to me through December 31, 2023. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we repurchased and rered approximately 67 million, 91 million and 117 million shares of our common stock for $7,176 million, $5,824 million and $7,000 million, respecvely. All $20 billion of the authorized amount under these stock repurchase programs was ulized prior to expiraon on December 31, 2023. 81 Table of Contents Equity Incenve Award Plans 2012 Plan In connecon with the acquision of Broadcom Corporaon, we assumed its 2012 stock incenve plan and outstanding unvested RSUs that were held by its employees. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, our stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the Broadcom Corporaon 2012 stock incenve plan, now called the Broadcom Inc. 2012 Stock Incenve Plan the 2012 Plan. Under the 2012 Plan, we may grant stock opons and stock appreciaon rights with an exercise price that is no less than the fair market value on the date of grant, restricted stock awards, and RSUs to employees. No parcipant may be granted such awards for more than an aggregate of 40 million shares in any fiscal year. Equity awards granted generally vest over four years. The 2012 Plan reduced the number of shares available for new equity award grants to 200 million shares and removed the annual share replenishment provision provided under the Broadcom Corporaon 2012 stock incenve plan. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, our stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the 2012 Plan to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance by 250 million shares. Awards cancelled or forfeited and shares withheld to sasfy tax withholding obligaons become available for future issuance. As of November 3, 2024, 364 million shares remained available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. We may grant marketbased RSUs with both a service condion and a market condion as part of our equity compensaon programs. The marketbased RSUs generally vest over four years, subject to sasfacon of market condions. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we granted marketbased RSUs under which grantees may receive the number of shares ranging from 0% to 300% of the original grant on a stock split adjusted basis at vesng based upon the total stockholder return TSR on our common stock on an absolute basis and as compared to the TSR of an index group of companies. During fiscal year 2023, we also granted marketbased RSUs vesng over five years, subject to sasfacon of stock price performance milestones. 2007 Plan In connecon with the VMware Merger, we assumed the VMware, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity and Incenve Plan the 2007 Plan and outstanding unvested RSU awards and PSU awards originally granted by VMware under the 2007 Plan that were held by connuing employees. These assumed awards were converted into approximately 46 million Broadcom RSU awards and will vest in accordance with their original terms, generally over four years. Under the 2007 Plan, we may grant stock opons and stock appreciaon rights with an exercise price that is no less than the fair market value on the date of grant, restricted stock, RSUs, and other stockbased or cashbased awards to employees. Equity awards granted under the 2007 Plan following the VMware Merger are expected to be on similar terms and consistent with similar grants made pursuant to the 2012 Plan. Awards cancelled or forfeited and shares withheld to sasfy tax withholding obligaons become available for future issuance. As of November 3, 2024, 62 million shares remained available for issuance under the 2007 Plan. Employee Stock Purchase Plan The ESPP provides eligible employees with the opportunity to acquire an ownership interest in us through periodic payroll deducons, based on a 6 month lookback period, at a price equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of our common stock at either the beginning or the end of the relevant offering period. The ESPP is structured as a qualified employee stock purchase plan under Secon 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. However, the ESPP is not intended to be a qualified pension, profit sharing or stock bonus plan under Secon 401a of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is not subject to the provisions of the Employee Rerement Income Security Act of 1974. 82 Table of Contents StockBased Compensaon Expense Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Cost of products sold $ 119 $ 88 $ 65 Cost of subscripons and services 545 122 82 Research and development 3,460 1,513 1,048 Selling, general and administrave 1,546 448 338 Total stockbased compensaon expensea $ 5,670 $ 2,171 $ 1,533 Esmated income tax benefits for stockbased compensaon $ 991 $ 367 $ 255 Excess income tax benefits for stockbased awards exercised or released $ 1,296 $ 507 $ 375  a Does not include stockbased compensaon expense related to disconnued operaons recognized during fiscal year 2024, which was included in loss from disconnued operaons, net of income taxes in our consolidated statement of operaons. Fiscal year 2024 stockbased compensaon expense included $1,613 million related to equity awards assumed in connecon with the VMware Merger. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2019, the Compensaon Commiee of our Board of Directors approved a broadbased program of mulyear equity grants of me and marketbased RSUs the MulYear Equity Awards in lieu of our annual employee equity awards historically granted on March 15 of each year. Each MulYear Equity Award vests on the same basis as four annual grants made March 15 of each year, beginning in fiscal year 2019, with successive fouryear vesng periods. Stockbased compensaon expense related to the MulYear Equity Awards was $356 million, $596 million and $794 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. As of November 3, 2024, the total unrecognized compensaon cost related to unvested stockbased awards was $11,259 million, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weightedaverage service period of 3.0 years. The following table summarizes the weightedaverage assumpons ulized to calculate the fair value of marketbased awards granted in the periods presented Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 Riskfree interest rate 4.2 % 4.0 % 1.4 % Dividend yield 1.7 % 3.3 % 2.7 % Volality 32.0 % 32.8 % 37.1 % Expected term in years 3.6 4.8 3.4 The riskfree interest rate was derived from the average U.S. Treasury Strips rate, which approximated the rate in effect appropriate for the term at the me of grant. The dividend yield was based on the historical and expected dividend payouts as of the respecve award grant dates. The volality was based on our own historical stock price volality over the period commensurate with the expected life of the awards and the implied volality of a 180day call opon on our own common stock measured at a specific date. The expected term was commensurate with the awards contractual terms. 83 Table of Contents Restricted Stock Unit Awards A summary of me and marketbased RSU acvity was as follows WeightedAverage Grant Date Number of RSUs Fair Value Outstanding Per Share In millions, except per share data Balance as of October 31, 2021 234 $ 20.04 Granted 27 $ 52.77 Vested 74 $ 22.55 Forfeited 12 $ 24.28 Balance as of October 30, 2022 175 $ 23.85 Granted 124 $ 51.98 Vested 74 $ 26.25 Forfeited 7 $ 30.79 Balance as of October 29, 2023 218 $ 38.92 Assumed in VMware Merger 46 $ 96.85 Granted 81 $ 115.58 Vested 107 $ 54.34 Forfeited 25 $ 88.62 Balance as of November 3, 2024 213 $ 66.44 The aggregate fair value of me and marketbased RSUs that vested in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $14,914 million, $5,423 million and $4,207 million, respecvely, which represented the market value of our common stock on the date that the RSUs vested. The number of RSUs vested included shares of common stock that we withheld for selement of employees tax obligaons due upon the vesng of RSUs. 12. Income Taxes The components of income before income taxes by U.S. and foreign jurisdicons were as follows Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Domesc loss $ 4,851 $ 63 $ 2,020 Foreign income 14,767 15,160 14,454 Income from connuing operaons before income taxes $ 9,916 $ 15,097 $ 12,434 84 Table of Contents The components of the provision for income taxes were as follows Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Current tax provision Federal $ 1,030 $ 952 $ 174 State 52 23 48 Foreign 701 541 762 Total 1,783 1,516 984 Deferred tax provision benefit Federal 1,855 499 68 State 70 31 15 Foreign 180 29 98 Total 1,965 501 45 Total provision for income taxes $ 3,748 $ 1,015 $ 939 The following is a reconciliaon of our effecve tax rate to the statutory federal tax rate Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 Statutory tax rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 % State, net of federal benefit 0.1  0.2 Foreign income taxed at different rates 22.4 17.3 19.1 Deemed inclusion of foreign earnings 16.3 9.9 8.0 Impact of nonrecurring intragroup transfer of certain IP rights 39.6   Uncertain tax benefits 1.8 1.9 1.6 Excess tax benefits from stockbased compensaon 13.1 3.4 3.0 Research and development credit 6.0 1.8 1.4 Other, net 0.7 0.2 0.2 Effecve tax rate on income before income taxes 37.8 % 6.7 % 7.5 % The increase in provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 was primarily due to the impact of a nonrecurring intra group transfer of certain IP rights to the United States as a result of supply chain realignment and the resulng shi in jurisdiconal mix of income, parally offset by an increase in excess tax benefits from stockbased awards. The increase in provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to higher income before income taxes, parally offset by an increase in the recognion of uncertain tax benefits as a result of lapses of statutes of limitaons. We derive the effecve tax rate benefit aributed to foreign income taxed at different rates primarily from our operaons in Singapore and Malaysia. Our tax incenves from the Singapore Economic Development Board provide that any qualifying income earned in Singapore is subject to tax incenves or reduced rates of Singapore income tax, subject to our compliance with the condions specified in these incenves and legislave developments. These Singapore tax incenves are scheduled to expire in November 2030. We have also obtained a tax holiday on our qualifying income in Malaysia, which is scheduled to expire in fiscal year 2028. The tax holiday that we negoated in Malaysia is also subject to our compliance with various operang and other condions. Before taking into consideraon the effects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other indirect tax impacts, the effect of these tax incenves and tax holiday was to decrease the provision for income taxes by approximately $2,261 million, $2,104 million and $1,821 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respecvely. 85 Table of Contents Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilies consisted of the following November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Deferred income tax assets Net operang loss, credit and other carryforwards $ 2,905 $ 1,809 Capitalized research and development 2,459 275 Deferred revenue 776 208 Employee stock awards 291 190 Depreciaon and amorzaon 81 223 Other deferred income tax assets 672 329 Gross deferred income tax assets 7,184 3,034 Less valuaon allowance 2,218 1,789 Deferred income tax assets 4,966 1,245 Deferred income tax liabilies Depreciaon and amorzaon 8,772 97 Unamorzed debt discount and issuance costs 420 302 Foreign earnings not indefinitely reinvested 105 86 Other deferred income tax liabilies 210 62 Deferred income tax liabilies 9,507 547 Net deferred income tax assets liabilies $ 4,541 $ 698 As a result of the acquision of VMware, we established $3,642 million of net deferred tax liabilies on the excess of book basis over the tax basis of acquired assets. Our net deferred tax liabilies also increased during the year due to the nonrecurring intragroup transfer of certain IP rights to the United States. The valuaon allowance disclosed in the table above relates to substanally all U.S. state and foreign net operang loss carryforwards and research and development tax credits that may not be realized. We connue to indefinitely reinvest $1,785 million of certain accumulated foreign earnings. The unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is esmated to be $187 million. All other current and future earnings of all our foreign subsidiaries are not considered permanently reinvested. As of November 3, 2024, we had tax effected U.S. state net operang loss carryforwards of $126 million and foreign net operang loss carryforwards of $92 million, all of which expire in various years beginning in fiscal year 2025. We had $2,176 million of state research and development tax credits which begin to expire in fiscal year 2025. 86 Table of Contents Uncertain Tax Posions The following table reconciles the beginning and ending balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Beginning balance $ 4,655 $ 5,117 $ 5,030 Lapses of statutes of limitaons 39 634 50 Increases in balances related to tax posions taken during prior periods including those related to acquisions made during the year 844 26  Decreases in balances related to tax posions taken during prior periods 9 13 113 Increases in balances related to tax posions taken during current period 447 170 288 Decreases in balances related to selements with taxing authories 55 11 38 Ending balance $ 5,843 $ 4,655 $ 5,117 We recognize interest and penales related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penales were included within other longterm liabilies. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, we recognized interest and penales of $144 million, $22 million and $25 million respecvely, within the provision for income taxes. As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, the total accrued interest and penales was approximately $701 million and $389 million, respecvely. The increase in total accrued interest and penales was primarily the result of the VMware acquision in addion to the current year accrual. As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, approximately $6,544 million and $5,044 million, respecvely, of the unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penales would, if recognized, benefit our effecve income tax rate. We are subject to U.S. income tax examinaon for fiscal years 2018 and later. Certain of our acquired companies are subject to tax examinaons in major jurisdicons outside of the U.S. for fiscal years 2005 and later. It is possible that our exisng unrecognized tax benefits may change up to $3,580 million as a result of lapses of the statute of limitaons for certain audit periods andor audit examinaons expected to be completed within the next 12 months. 13. Segment Informaon Reportable Segments We have two reportable segments semiconductor soluons and infrastructure soware. Each segment has separate financial informaon that is ulized on a regular basis by the CODM in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. The reportable segments are determined based on several factors including, but not limited to, customer base, homogeneity of products, technology, delivery channels and similar economic characteriscs. Semiconductor soluons. We provide semiconductor soluons for managing the movement of data in data center, service provider, and enterprise networking applicaons, including AI networking and connecvity. We provide a broad variety of radio frequency semiconductor devices, wireless connecvity soluons, custom touch controllers, and inducve charging soluons for mobile applicaons. We also provide semiconductor soluons for enabling the settop box and broadband access markets and for enabling secure movement of digital data to and from host machines, such as servers, personal computers and storage systems, to the underlying storage devices, such as hard disk drives and solid state drives. We also provide a broad variety of products for the general industrial and automove markets. Our semiconductor soluons segment also includes our IP licensing. Infrastructure soware. We provide a porolio of soware soluons that help enterprises simplify their IT environments so they can increase business velocity and flexibility, and enable customers to plan, develop, deliver, automate, manage and secure applicaons across mainframe, distributed, edge, mobile, and private and hybrid cloud plaorms. Our porolio of infrastructure and security soware is designed to modernize, opmize, and secure the most complex private and hybrid cloud environments, enabling scalability, agility, automaon, insights, resiliency and security making it easy for customers to run their missioncrical workloads. We also offer missioncrical FC SAN products and related soware. Our CODM assesses the performance of each segment and allocates resources to each segment based on net revenue and operang results and does not evaluate each segment using discrete asset informaon. Operang results by segment include items that are directly aributable to each segment and also include shared expenses such as markeng, general and administrave acvies, facilies and IT expenses. Shared expenses are primarily allocated based on revenue and headcount. 87 Table of Contents Unallocated Expenses Unallocated expenses include amorzaon of acquisionrelated intangible assets, stockbased compensaon expense, restructuring and other charges, acquisionrelated costs, and other costs, which are not used in evaluang the results of, or in allocang resources to, our segments. Acquisionrelated costs include transacon costs and any costs directly related to the acquision and integraon of acquired businesses. Depreciaon expense directly aributable to each reportable segment is included in the operang results of each segment. However, the CODM does not evaluate depreciaon expense by operang segment and, therefore, it is not separately presented. There was no intersegment revenue for any of the periods presented. The accounng policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounng policies. Fiscal Year 2024 2023 2022 In millions Net revenue Semiconductor soluons $ 30,096 $ 28,182 $ 25,818 Infrastructure soware 21,478 7,637 7,385 Total net revenue $ 51,574 $ 35,819 $ 33,203 Operang income Semiconductor soluons $ 16,759 $ 16,486 $ 15,075 Infrastructure soware 13,977 5,639 5,219 Unallocated expenses 17,273 5,918 6,069 Total operang income $ 13,463 $ 16,207 $ 14,225 Geographic Informaon Net revenue by country is based primarily on the geographic shipment or delivery locaon as specified by the distributors, OEMs, contract manufacturers, channel partners, or soware customers who purchased our products or services. For the majority of our products, tle and control transfer to our customers in Penang, Malaysia. The products are then transported to the customer specific locaons. Net revenue from the United States for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $12,887 million, $6,975 million and $5,915 million, respecvely. Net revenue from China including Hong Kong for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $10,483 million, $11,533 million and $11,637 million, respecvely. Net revenue from Singapore for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $9,559 million, $4,479 million and $4,003 million, respecvely. Net revenue from other foreign countries for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $18,645 million, $12,832 million and $11,648 million, respecvely. These geographic delivery locaons are not necessarily indicave of the geographic locaon of our end customers or the country in which our end customers sell devices containing our products. For example, we believe a substanal poron of our products shipped or delivered to China including Hong Kong is included in devices sold by our end customers in the United States and Europe. 88 Table of Contents Longlived assets include property, plant and equipment and are based on the physical locaon of the assets. November 3, October 29, 2024 2023 In millions Longlived assets United States $ 1,685 $ 1,371 Taiwan 365 341 Other 471 442 Total longlived assets $ 2,521 $ 2,154 Significant Customer Informaon We sell our products through our direct sales force and a select network of distributors and channel partners globally. One customer accounted for 18% and 21% of our net accounts receivable balance as of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, respecvely. During fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, one customer accounted for 28%, 21% and 20% of our net revenue, respecvely. Revenue from this customer was included in our semiconductor soluons segment. 14. Commitments and Conngencies Commitments The following table summarizes contractual obligaons and commitments as of November 3, 2024 Other Contractual Fiscal Year Purchase Commitments Commitments In millions 2025 $ 272 $ 486 2026 283 404 2027 7 352 2028 7 293 2029  240 Thereaer  997 Total $ 569 $ 2,772 Purchase Commitments. Represent uncondional purchase obligaons to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quanes to be purchased, price provisions, and the approximate ming of the transacon. Purchase obligaons exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty and uncondional purchase obligaons with a remaining term of one year or less. Other Contractual Commitments. Represent amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to IT and other service agreements. Due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the ming of future cash oulows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at November 3, 2024, we are unable to reliably esmate the ming of cash selement with the respecve taxing authories. Therefore, $3,669 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penales as of November 3, 2024 have been excluded from the table above. Conngencies From me to me, we are involved in ligaon that we believe is of the type common to companies engaged in our lines of business, including commercial disputes, employment issues, tax disputes and disputes involving claims by third pares that our acvies infringe their patent, copyright, trademark or other IP rights, as well as regulatory invesgaons or inquiries. Legal proceedings and regulatory invesgaons or inquiries are oen complex, may require the expenditure of significant funds and other resources, and the outcomes of such proceedings are inherently uncertain, with material adverse outcomes possible. IP property claims generally involve the demand by a thirdparty that we cease the manufacture, use or sale of the allegedly infringing products, processes or technologies andor pay substanal damages or royales for past, present and future use of the allegedly infringing IP. Claims that our products or processes infringe or misappropriate any thirdparty IP rights including claims arising through our contractual indemnificaon of our customers oen involve highly 89 Table of Contents complex, technical issues, the outcome of which is inherently uncertain. Moreover, from me to me, we pursue ligaon to assert our IP rights. Regardless of the merit or resoluon of any such ligaon, complex IP ligaon is generally costly and diverts the efforts and aenon of our management and technical personnel. Lawsuits Relang to VMware Backlog On March 31, 2020, a securies class acon lawsuit was filed against VMware and certain former officers of VMware in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California the California Court. On September 18, 2020, the plainffs filed a consolidated amended complaint alleging that VMwares statements about backlog and the related internal controls during the period from August 2018 through February 2020 were materially misleading. The defendants filed a moon to dismiss, which was granted with leave to amend on September 10, 2021. On October 8, 2021, the plainffs filed their Second Amended Consolidated Complaint based on the same alleged disclosure deficiencies. The defendants moon to dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Complaint was filed on November 5, 2021. On April 2, 2023, the California Court denied the defendants moon to dismiss finding that the plainffs had adequately stated claims under Secons 10 and 20A of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934. The pares have agreed to selement terms pending approval by the California Court. Other Maers We are currently engaged in a number of legal acons in the ordinary course of our business. Conngency Assessment We do not believe, based on currently available facts and circumstances, that the final outcome of any pending legal proceedings, ongoing regulatory invesgaons or tax disputes, taken individually or as a whole, will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. However, lawsuits may involve complex quesons of fact and law and may require the expenditure of significant funds and other resources to defend. The results of ligaon, regulatory invesgaons or tax disputes are inherently uncertain, and material adverse outcomes are possible. From me to me, we may enter into confidenal discussions regarding the potenal selement of such lawsuits. Any selement of pending ligaon could require us to incur substanal costs and other ongoing expenses, such as future royalty payments in the case of an IP dispute. During the periods presented, no material amounts have been accrued or disclosed in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to loss conngencies associated with any other legal proceedings, regulatory invesgaons or tax disputes as potenal losses for such maers are not considered probable and ranges of losses are not reasonably esmable. These maers are subject to many uncertaines and the ulmate outcomes are not predictable. There can be no assurances that the actual amounts required to sasfy any liabilies arising from the maers described above will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. Other Indemnificaons As is customary in our industry and as provided for in local law in the U.S. and other jurisdicons, many of our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers and others with whom we enter into contracts, such as defense, selement, or payment of judgment for IP claims related to the use of our products. From me to me, we indemnify customers, as well as our suppliers, contractors, lessors, lessees, companies that purchase our businesses or assets and others with whom we enter into contracts, against combinaons of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events related to the sale and the use of our products, the use of their goods and services, the use of facilies and state of our owned facilies, the state of the assets and businesses that we sell and other maers covered by such contracts, usually up to a specified maximum amount. In addion, from me to me we also provide protecon to these pares against claims related to undiscovered liabilies, addional product liabilies or environmental obligaons. In our experience, claims made under such indemnificaons are rare and the associated esmated fair value of the liability is not material. 90 Table of Contents 15. Restructuring and Other Charges Restructuring Charges The following table summarizes the significant acvies within, and components of, the restructuring liabilies Employee Terminaon Lease and Impairment Costs Costs Total In millions Balance as of October 31, 2021 $ 4 $  $ 4 Restructuring charges 24 38 62 Ulizaon 24 38 62 Balance as of October 30, 2022 4  4 Restructuring charges 20 24 44 Ulizaon 22 24 46 Balance as of October 29, 2023 2  2 Restructuring charges 1,510 277 1,787 Ulizaon 1,393 277 1,670 Balance as of November 3, 2024 $ 119 $  $ 119 In connecon with the VMware Merger, we iniated restructuring acvies to integrate the acquired business, align our workforce and improve efficiencies in our operaons. Restructuring charges in fiscal year 2024 primarily related to employee terminaon costs. We also incurred $277 million of impairment charges primarily related to lease assets and property, plant and equipment. We expect these restructuring acvies to be substanally completed by the end of fiscal year 2025. These charges were recognized primarily in operang expenses. During fiscal year 2023, we incurred $24 million of impairment charges primarily related to lease assets and property, plant and equipment. During fiscal year 2022, we incurred $38 million of impairment charges related to lease assets. As of November 3, 2024 and October 29, 2023, shortterm and longterm lease liabilies included $192 million and $44 million of obligaons related to restructured leases, respecvely. Other Charges Restructuring and other charges in our consolidated statement of operaons for fiscal year 2023 included $204 million of nonrecurring charges related to IP ligaon. 16. Subsequent Events Cash Dividends Declared On December 10, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.59 per share on our common stock, payable on December 31, 2024 to stockholders of record on December 23, 2024. 91 Table of Contents Schedule II  Valuaon and Qualifying Accounts Balance at Charges Balance at Beginning Addions to Ulized End of of Period Allowances Writeoffs Period In millions Accounts receivable allowances Distributor credit allowances a Fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 $ 133 $ 351 $ 390 $ 94 Fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 $ 125 $ 502 $ 494 $ 133 Fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 $ 128 $ 484 $ 487 $ 125 Other accounts receivable allowances b Fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 $ 4 $ 17 $ 10 $ 11 Fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 $ 1 $ 5 $ 2 $ 4 Fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 $ 2 $ 10 $ 11 $ 1 Income tax valuaon allowances Fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 $ 1,789 $ 3,151 $ 2,722 $ 2,218 Fiscal year ended October 29, 2023 $ 1,777 $ 117 $ 105 $ 1,789 Fiscal year ended October 30, 2022 $ 1,782 $ 118 $ 123 $ 1,777  a Distributor credit allowances relate to price adjustments and other allowances. b Other accounts receivable allowances primarily include sales returns and allowance for doubul accounts. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluaon of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management, with the parcipaon of our Chief Execuve Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO, evaluated the effecveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 3, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a15e and 15d15e under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that informaon required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the me periods specified in the SECs rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitaon, controls and procedures designed to ensure that informaon required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including its principal execuve and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow mely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no maer how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objecves and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluang the costbenefit relaonship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluaon of our disclosure controls and procedures as of November 3, 2024, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effecve at the reasonable assurance level. 92 Table of Contents Managements Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporng Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporng. Internal control over financial reporng is defined in Rules 13a15f and 15d15f promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal execuve and principal financial officers and effected by the Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporng and the preparaon of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that  pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transacons and disposions of the assets  provide reasonable assurance that transacons are recorded as necessary to permit preparaon of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of us are being made only in accordance with authorizaons of management and directors and  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevenon or mely detecon of unauthorized acquision, use or disposion of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitaons, internal control over financial reporng may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projecons of any evaluaon of effecveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in condions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effecveness of our internal control over financial reporng as of November 3, 2024. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Commiee of Sponsoring Organizaons of the Treadway Commission in Internal ControlIntegrated Framework 2013. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of November 3, 2024, our internal control over financial reporng is effecve based on those criteria. The effecveness of our internal control over financial reporng as of November 3, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounng firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporng No change in our internal control over financial reporng as defined in Rules 13a15f and 15d15f under the Exchange Act occurred during the fourth quarter ended November 3, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporng. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Insider Trading Arrangements On September 23, 2024, Diane M. Bryant, a member of our Board of Directors, adopted a trading plan intended to sasfy Rule 10b51c under the Exchange Act the Trading Plan. The Trading Plan provides for the potenal sale of up to 15,000 shares of Broadcom common stock so long as the market price of Broadcom common stock sasfies certain threshold prices specified in the Trading Plan. The Trading Plan will expire on September 12, 2025, subject to early terminaon for certain specified events set forth in the Trading Plan. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 93 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Broadcom has adopted an insider trading compliance policy that governs the purchase, sale, andor other transacons of our securies by our directors, officers and employees and Broadcom itself. A copy of our insider trading compliance policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10K. The remaining informaon required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from secons entled Board of Directors, Corporate Governance and Proposal 1  Elecon of Directors in our definive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeng of Stockholders. Our execuve officers are listed at the end of Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The informaon required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from secons entled Board of Directors  Director Compensaon, Board of Directors  Board Commiees  Compensaon Commiee  Compensaon Commiee Interlocks and Insider Parcipaon, Compensaon Discussion and Analysis, Compensaon Commiee Report, Execuve Compensaon, and CEO Pay Rao in our definive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeng of Stockholders. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The informaon required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from secons entled Stockholder Informaon  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Execuve Officers and Equity Compensaon Plan Informaon in our definive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeng of Stockholders. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The informaon required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from secons entled Board of Directors and Certain Relaonships and Related Party Transacons in our definive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeng of Stockholders. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The informaon required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the secon entled Proposal 2  Raficaon of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounng Firm in our definive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeng of Stockholders. 94 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES a The following are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10K 1. Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounng Firm 50 Consolidated Balance Sheets 51 Consolidated Statements of Operaons 52 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 53 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 54 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 55 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 56 2. Financial Statement Schedules The financial statement schedule of the Registrant and its subsidiaries for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 required by Item 15a Schedule II, Valuaon and Qualifying Accounts is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10K Page Schedule II  Valuaon and Qualifying Accounts 92 Schedules not filed have been omied because they are not applicable, are not required or the informaon required to be set forth therein is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 3. Exhibits The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated by reference to the locaon indicated. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 26, 2022, by 8K 00138449 2.1 05262022 and among Broadcom Inc., VMware, Inc., Verona Holdco, Inc., Verona Merger Sub, Inc., Barcelona Merger Sub 2, Inc. and Barcelona Merger Sub 3, LLC. 3.1 Amended and Restated Cerficate of Incorporaon including 10Q 00138449 3.1 09112024 all amendments thereto. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 8K12B 00138449 3.2 04042018 4.1 Form of Common Stock Cerficate. 10Q 00138449 4.1 06142018 4.2 Descripon of Common Stock. X 4.3 Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2017, by and among 8K 00137690 4.1 01202017 the Broadcom Corporaon and Broadcom Cayman Finance Limited the CoIssuers, the guarantors and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture to the January 2017 Indenture, 8K 00138449 4.1 04092018 dated as of April 9, 2018. 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture to the January 2017 8K 00138449 4.1 01252019 Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2019. 95 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 4.6 Form of 3.625% Senior Notes due 2024 included in Exhibit 8K 00137690 4.1 01202017 4.3. 4.7 Form of 3.875% Senior Notes due 2027 included in Exhibit 8K 00137690 4.1 01202017 4.3. 4.8 Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2017, by and among 8K 00137690 4.1 10172017 the CoIssuers, the guarantors and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.9 Supplemental Indenture to the October 2017 Indenture, 8K 00138449 4.2 04092018 dated as of April 9, 2018. 4.10 Second Supplemental Indenture to the October 2017 8K 00138449 4.2 01252019 Indenture, dated as of January 25, 2019. 4.11 Form of 2.650% Senior Notes due 2023 included in Exhibit 8K 00137690 4.1 10172017 4.8. 4.12 Form of 3.125% Senior Notes due 2025 included in Exhibit 8K 00137690 4.1 10172017 4.8. 4.13 Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2028 included in Exhibit 8K 00137690 4.1 10172017 4.8. 4.14 Indenture, dated as of April 5, 2019, by and among the 8K 00138449 4.1 04052019 Company as Issuer, Broadcom Technologies Inc., Broadcom Corporaon and Broadcom Cayman Finance Limited, and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.15 Form of 3.625% Senior Notes due 2024 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04052019 4.14. 4.16 Form of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2029 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04052019 4.14. 4.17 Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, by and among the 8K 00138449 4.1 04092020 Company, as Issuer, Broadcom Technologies Inc. and Broadcom Corporaon the 2020 Guarantors, and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.18 Form of 5.000% Senior Notes due 2030 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04092020 4.17. 4.19 Indenture, dated as of May 8, 2020, by and among the 8K 00138449 4.1 05082020 Company as Issuer, the 2020 Guarantors, and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.20 Form of 2.250% Senior Notes due 2023 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05082020 4.19. 4.21 Form of 3.150% Senior Notes due 2025 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05082020 4.19. 4.22 Form of 4.150% Senior Notes due 2030 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05082020 4.19. 4.23 Form of 4.300% Senior Notes due 2032 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05082020 4.19. 4.24 Indenture, dated as of May 21, 2020, by and among the 8K 00138449 4.1 05212020 Company, the 2020 Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.25 Form of 3.459% Senior Notes due 2026 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05212020 4.24. 96 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 4.26 Form of 4.110% Senior Notes due 2028 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 05212020 4.24. 4.27 Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among the 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 Company, the 2020 Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as Trustee. 4.28 Form of 1.950% Senior Notes due 2028 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 4.27. 4.29 Form of 2.450% Senior Notes due 2031 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 4.27. 4.30 Form of 2.600% Senior Notes due 2033 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 4.27. 4.31 Form of 3.500% Senior Notes due 2041 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 4.27. 4.32 Form of 3.750% Senior Notes due 2051 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 01192021 4.27. 4.33 Registraon Rights Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, 8K 00138449 4.7 01192021 by and among the Company, the 2020 Guarantors and Morgan Stanley  Co. LLC, BNP Paribas Securies Corp., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SMBC Nikko Securies America, Inc., and Truist Securies, Inc., as representaves of the several inial purchasers of the January 2021 Senior Notes. 4.34 Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2021, by and between the 8K 00138449 4.1 03312021 Company and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as Trustee. 4.35 Form of 3.419% Senior Notes due 2033 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 03312021 4.34. 4.36 Form of 3.469% Senior Notes due 2034 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 03312021 4.34. 4.37 Registraon Rights Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2021, 8K 00138449 4.4 03312021 by and among the Company and BofA Securies, Inc. and HSBC Securies USA Inc., as dealermanagers in connecon with the March 2021 Exchange Offer. 4.38 Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and between 8K 00138449 4.1 09302021 the Company and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as Trustee. 4.39 Form of 3.137% Senior Notes due 2035 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 09302021 4.38. 4.40 Form of 3.187% Senior Notes due 2036 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 09302021 4.38. 4.41 Registraon Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 8K 00138449 4.4 09302021 2021, by and among the Company and BNP Paribas Securies Corp., J.P. Morgan Securies LLC and TD Securies USA LLC, as dealermangers in connecon with the September 2021 exchange offer. 4.42 Indenture, dated April 14, 2022, between the Company and 8K 00138449 4.1 04152022 Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.43 Form of 4.00% Senior Notes due 2029 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04152022 4.42. 97 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 4.44 Form of 4.15% Senior Notes due 2032 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04152022 4.42. 4.45 Registraon Rights Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2022, 8K 00138449 4.4 04152022 between the Company and BofA Securies, Inc., HSBC Securies USA Inc., and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representaves of the several inial purchasers of the April 2022 Senior Notes. 4.46 Indenture, dated April 18, 2022, between the Company and 8K 00138449 4.1 04182022 Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.47 Form of 4.926% Senior Notes due 2037 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.1 04182022 4.46. 4.48 Registraon Rights Agreement, dated April 18, 2022, between 8K 00138449 4.3 04182022 the Company and Barclays Capital Inc., BBVA Securies Inc., BNP Paribas Securies Corp. and J.P. Morgan Securies LLC, as dealermanagers in connecon with the April 2022 Exchange Offer. 4.49 Indenture, dated July 12, 2024, between the Company and 8K 00138449 4.1 07122024 Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.50 Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated July 12, 2024, between 8K 00138449 4.2 07122024 the Company and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.51 Form of 5.050% Senior Notes due 2027 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 07122024 4.50. 4.52 Form of 5.050% Senior Notes due 2029 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 07122024 4.50. 4.53 Form of 5.150% Senior Notes due 2031 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 07122024 4.50. 4.54 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated October 2, 2024, 8K 00138449 4.2 10022024 between the Company and Wilmington Trust, Naonal Associaon, as trustee. 4.55 Form of 4.150% Senior Notes due 2028 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 10022024 4.54. 4.56 Form of 4.350% Senior Notes due 2030 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 10022024 4.54. 4.57 Form of 4.550% Senior Notes due 2032 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 10022024 4.54. 4.58 Form of 4.800% Senior Notes due 2034 included in Exhibit 8K 00138449 4.2 10022024 4.54. 10.1 Form of Indemnificaon and Advancement Agreement 8K12B 00138449 10.1 04042018 effecve April 4, 2018. 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, among the 8K 00138449 10.1 01192021 Company, the lenders and other pares party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrave Agent. 10.3 Amendment No. 1, dated April 18, 2023, among Broadcom 10Q 00138449 10.1 06072023 Inc., the lenders and other pares thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrave Agent, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021. 98 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.4 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2023, among 8K 00138449 10.1 08162023 Broadcom, the lenders and other pares party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrave Agent. 10.5 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10Q 00138449 10.5 03142024 1, 2023, amending the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2023, among Broadcom, the lenders and other pares thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrave Agent. 10.6 Lease Agreement dated August 10, 2017 between Five Point 10K 00137690 10.29 12212017 Office Venture I, LLC and Broadcom Corporaon. 10.7 First Amendment to Lease Agreement by and between Five 10K 00138449 10.18 12182020 Point Office Venture 1, LLC and Broadcom Corporaon. 10.8  Selement and Patent License and NonAssert Agreement by 8KA 00023993 10.1 07232009 and between Qualcomm Incorporated and Broadcom Corporaon. 10.9  Avago Technologies Limited 2009 Equity Incenve Award S1A 333153127 10.18 07272009 Plan. 10.10  Broadcom Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan as amended Schedule 00138449 Appendix B1 02192019 and restated on April 1, 2019. 14A 10.11  LSI Corporaon 2003 Equity Incenve Plan, as amended. S8 333195741 4.1 05062014 10.12  Amendment to the LSI Corporaon 2003 Equity Incenve 10K 00137690 10.45 12232016 Plan effecve February 1, 2016. 10.13  Amendment to the LSI Corporaon 2003 Equity Incenve 8K12B 00138449 10.10 04042018 Plan effecve April 4, 2018. 10.14  Broadcom Inc. 2012 Stock Incenve Plan as amended and 10Q 00138449 10.1 06112021 restated on April 5, 2021. 10.15  VMware, Inc. Amended and Restated 2007 Equity and S8 333275702 99.1 11222023 Incenve Plan. 10.16  Form of Annual Bonus Plan for Execuve Employees. 10K 00137690 10.53 12232016 10.17  Form of Agreement for MulYear Equity Award of Restricted 8K 00138449 10.1 12062018 Stock Unit Award under the Avago Technologies Limited 2009 Equity Incenve Award Plan effecve December 5, 2017. 10.18  Form of Agreement for MulYear Equity Award of 8K 00138449 10.2 12062018 Performance Stock Units under the Avago Technologies Limited 2009 Equity Incenve Award Plan effecve March 13, 2018. 10.19  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under LSI 10K 00138449 10.51 12182020 Corporaon 2003 Equity Incenve Plan, as amended effecve December 8, 2020. 10.20  Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement Relave TSR 10K 00138449 10.52 12182020 under LSI Corporaon 2003 Equity Incenve Plan, as amended effecve December 8, 2020. 10.21  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 10K 00137690 10.61 12212017 Broadcom Corporaon 2012 Stock Incenve Plan effecve December 5, 2017. 99 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 10.22  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 10Q 00138449 10.3 06112021 Broadcom Inc. 2012 Stock Incenve Plan effecve April 5, 2021. 10.23  Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement Relave TSR 10Q 00137690 10.5 03152018 under Broadcom Corporaon 2012 Stock Incenve Plan effecve March 15, 2018. 10.24  Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 10Q 00138449 10.4 06112021 Broadcom Inc. 2012 Stock Incenve Plan effecve April 5, 2021. 10.25  Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement Price 8K 00138449 10.1 11022022 Conngency under Broadcom Inc. 2012 Stock Incenve Plan. 10.26  Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated April 5, 10Q 00138449 10.2 06112021 2021, between Broadcom Inc. and Hock E. Tan. 10.27  Broadcom Inc. 2023 Inducement Plan. S8 333276053 99.1 12142023 10.28  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Broadcom S8 333276053 99.2 12142023 Inc. 2023 Inducement Plan. 10.29  Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement under Broadcom S8 333276053 99.3 12142023 Inc. 2023 Inducement Plan. 10.30  Policy on Acceleraon of Execuve Staff Equity Awards in the 8K 00138449 10.1 06032021 Event of Permanent Disability as amended June 2, 2021. 10.31  Policy on Acceleraon of Equity Awards in the Event of Death 10Q 00138449 10.2 09062023 as amended January 1, 2023. 10.32  Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated 8K 00138449 10.1 12102020 December 10, 2020, between Broadcom Inc. and Hock E. Tan. 10.33  Amended and Restated Severance Benefits Agreement, dated 8K 00138449 10.2 12102020 December 10, 2020, between Broadcom Inc. and Charlie B. Kawwas. 10.34  Severance Benefits Agreement, dated September 26, 2017, 10Q 00138449 10.18 06162018 between Broadcom Limited and Mark Brazeal. 10.35  Severance Benefits Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, 8K 00138449 10.5 12102020 between Broadcom Inc. and Kirsten M. Spears. 19.1 Broadcom Inc. Insider Trading Compliance Policy X 21.1 List of Subsidiaries. X 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent X registered public accounng firm. 24.1 Power of Aorney see signature page to this Form 10K. X 31.1 Cerficaon of Principal Execuve Officer of Broadcom Inc. X Pursuant to Rule 13a14 of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Secon 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Cerficaon of Principal Financial Officer of Broadcom Inc. X Pursuant to Rule 13a14 of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Secon 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 100 Table of Contents Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filed Number Descripon Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 32.1 Cerficaon of Principal Execuve Officer of Broadcom Inc. X Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Secon 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Secon 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Cerficaon of Principal Financial Officer of Broadcom Inc. X Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Secon 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Secon 906 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002. 97.1 Clawback Policy. 10K 00138449 97.1 12142023 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document  the instance document does X not appear in the Interacve Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculaon Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definion Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentaon Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interacve Data File  the cover page interacve X data file does not appear in the Interacve Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. Notes  Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  Certain informaon omied pursuant to a request for confidenal treatment filed with the SEC. ITEM 16. FORM 10K SUMMARY None. 101 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Secon 13 or 15d of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BROADCOM INC. By s Hock E. Tan Name Hock E. Tan Title President and Chief Execuve Officer Date December 20, 2024 POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose individual signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints Hock E. Tan, Kirsten M. Spears and Mark D. Brazeal, and each of them, with full power of substuon and resubstuon and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful aorneyinfact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connecon therewith, with the Securies and Exchange Commission, granng unto said aorneysinfact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, rafying and confirming all that said aorneysinfact and agents or any of them or their or his substute or substutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 102 Table of Contents Pursuant to the requirements of the Securies Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10K has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacies indicated and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date s Hock E. Tan President, Chief Execuve December 20, 2024 Officer and Director Hock E. Tan Principal Execuve Officer Chief Financial Officer s Kirsten M. Spears Principal Financial Officer and Principal A ccounng Officer December 20, 2024 Kirsten M. Spears s Henry Samueli Chairman of the Board of Directors December 20, 2024 Henry Samueli s Eddy W. Hartenstein Lead Independent Director December 20, 2024 Eddy W. Hartenstein s Diane M. Bryant Director December 20, 2024 Diane M. Bryant s Gayla J. Delly Director December 20, 2024 Gayla J. Delly s Kenneth Y. Hao Director December 20, 2024 Kenneth Y. Hao s Check Kian Low Director December 20, 2024 Check Kian Low s Jusne F. Page Director December 20, 2024 Jusne F. Page s Harry L. You Director December 20, 2024 Harry L. You 103 Exhibit 4.2 DESCRIPTION OF BROADCOM INC. COMMON STOCK The following description of Broadcom Inc.s common stock is a summary. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL, as well as our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as may be amended from time to time Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as may be amended from time to time Bylaws, both of which have been publicly filed with the SEC. We encourage you to read that law and those documents carefully. Broadcom, Company, we, our or us refer to Broadcom Inc. excluding our subsidiaries, unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. Common Stock General The certificate of incorporation authorizes 29,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. Voting Rights Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders, including the election of directors. The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. Accordingly, in an uncontested election, holders of a majority of the voting shares are able to elect all of the directors. Dividends Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of common stock. Declaration and payment of any dividend are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. The time and amount of dividends is dependent upon our financial condition, operations, cash requirements and availability, debt repayment obligations, capital expenditure needs, restrictions in our debt instruments, industry trends, the provisions of the DGCL affecting the payment of distributions to stockholders and any other factors our board of directors may consider relevant. Liquidation In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and the satisfaction of any liquidation preference granted to the holders of any then outstanding shares of preferred stock. Rights and Preferences Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate in the future. Fully Paid and NonAssessable All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Annual Stockholder Meetings Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that annual stockholder meetings will be held at a date, place if any and time, as exclusively selected by our board of directors. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may but are not obligated to conduct meetings by remote communications, including by webcast. AntiTakeover Effects of Provisions Some provisions of the DGCL and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could make the following transactions difficult acquisition of our Company by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise or removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for shares of our common stock. These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of protection to our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure our Company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Delaware AntiTakeover Statute Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits persons deemed interested stockholders from engaging in a business combination with a publiclyheld Delaware corporation for three years following the date these persons become interested stockholders unless the business combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another prescribed exception applies. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15% or more of a corporations voting stock and a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. The existence of this provision may have an antitakeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the board of directors, such as discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price of our common stock. Undesignated Preferred Stock The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock will make it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of our Company. These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management of our Company. Special Stockholder Meetings Our Bylaws provide that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by our board of directors or by two or more common stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of our issued and outstanding shares. Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals Our Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. Proxy Access Nominations Our Bylaws provide that we must include in our proxy statement for an annual meeting of stockholders the name, together with certain other required information, of any person nominated for the election of directors in compliance with specified provisions in our Bylaws by a single stockholder that satisfies or by a group of no more than 20 stockholders that satisfy various notice and other requirements specified in our Bylaws. Among other requirements, such stockholder or group of stockholders would need to provide evidence verifying that the stockholder or group owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, at least 3% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Our Bylaw provision establishes a maximum number of nominees submitted by stockholders that we would be required to include in our proxy statement for an annual meeting. No Stockholder Action by Written Consent Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws do not provide for the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. Composition of the Board of Directors Election and Removal of Directors Filling Vacancies Our board of directors may consist of not less than one nor more than 13 directors. In any uncontested elections of directors, a director nominee for the board of directors will be elected by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to such director by the shares represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, voting together as a single class. An incumbent director who is nominated for an uncontested election and fails to receive a majority of the votes present and voting for such directors reelection would be required to tender his or her resignation to the board of directors. The Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of the board of directors or any future committee the equivalent thereof will make a recommendation to the board of directors on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or whether other action should be taken. The board of directors will act on the recommendation of such committee and will publicly disclose its decision within 90 days from the date of the certification of the election results. In a contested election, a plurality voting standard will apply to director elections. Our directors are elected until the expiration of the term for which they are elected and until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. Our directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the holders of our then outstanding common stock. Furthermore, any vacancy on the board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the board, may be filled only by a majority vote of the board of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. This system of electing and removing directors and filling vacancies may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company, because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. Choice of Forum Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Although our Certificate of Incorporation contains the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws The amendment of any of the provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation would require approval by a stockholder vote by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock. Our Bylaws may be amended by the board of directors or by the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock. The provisions of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our directors and officers for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Consequently, our directors and officers are not personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties, except liability for  any breach of the directors or officers duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders  any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law  unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL, in the case of a director  any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit or  in any action by or in the right of us, in the case of an officer. Each of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Our Bylaws also obligate us to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the DGCL. We have entered into agreements to indemnify the directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our board of directors. With specified exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholders investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage. Uncertificated Shares Holders of shares of our common stock do not have the right to require Broadcom to issue certificates for their shares. We only issue uncertificated shares of our common stock. Stock Exchange Listing Shares of our common stock are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol AVGO. No Sinking Fund The shares of our common stock do not have sinking fund provisions. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. The transfer agent and registrars address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. Exhibit 19.1 BROADCOM INC. INSIDER TRADING COMPLIANCE POLICY I. POLICY This Insider Trading Compliance Policy this Policy applies to Broadcom Inc. and each of its subsidiaries collecvely, Broadcom and all of its employees, officers, board members and contractors Insiders. This Policy also applies to i Family members who reside or live with you, ii Family members who do not live with you, but whose transacons in securies are controlled, directed or influenced by you, iii Trusts of which you are a trustee or whose investment decisions are controlled, directed or influenced by you, and iv Other enes controlled by you, including any corporaons, partnerships, trusts or foundaons collecvely, Related Persons. For purposes of this Policy, transacons by Related Persons are treated as if they are your transacons. The existence of a personal financial emergency does not exempt you from complying with this Policy. A. Insider Trading Prohibion The Securies Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act, prohibits insider trading. Insider trading is the purchase, sale, transfer or exchange Trade or Trading of any security such as stock when you are in possession of material nonpublic informaon MNPI relang to that security. This Policy prohibits you from Trading Broadcom securies when you are in possession of MNPI related to Broadcom. Similarly, you may not transact in any security of a Broadcom Business Associate defined below if you, in the course of working for Broadcom, learn of MNPI relang to that Broadcom Business Associate. Broadcom Business Associate is an enty that you have informaon about due to your employment at or work for Broadcom, such as a customer, supplier or a company involved in a potenal transacon with Broadcom. The following would not be considered Trades or Trading under this Policy i Acceptance of equity awards granted by Broadcom, ii Any exercise of stock opons that does not involve the sale of Broadcom stock such as an exercise and hold but not a cashless exercise of stock opons, iii Any mandatory sale of Broadcom stock by Broadcom upon the vesng of restricted stock units to sasfy tax withholding requirements per the terms of your restricted stock unit grant agreement, iv Purchase of Broadcom stock pursuant to the Broadcom Employee Stock Purchase Plan, v Bona fide gis of Broadcom stock when the donor does not have MNPI and is not subject to the Trading Window Closure Period defined below, and vi Transacons of Broadcom securies made pursuant to an approved Trading Plan defined below. Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 1 The U.S. Securies and Exchange Commission SEC, U.S. Department of Jusce, and other domesc and foreign regulatory agencies invesgate and pursue insider trading violaons vigorously. The size of the transacon or the amount of profit received does not have to be significant to result in prosecuon by such government authories. Violaons of insider trading laws or this Policy may result in referral to government authories for criminal prosecuon and disciplinary acon, including terminaon of employment or business relaonship with Broadcom. B. What is Material NonPublic Informaon MNPI For purposes of this Policy, informaon is considered material if there is a reasonable likelihood that an investor would consider the informaon important in making a decision to buy, sell or hold a security or if the informaon is likely to have a significant effect on the market price of the security, whether over the shortterm or longterm. Informaon that is material can be posive or negave informaon, or informaon that forecasts whether an event may or may not occur. Informaon is nonpublic if it is not available to the general public and has not been previously disclosed. For informaon to be considered public, it must be widely disseminated in a manner that makes the informaon generally available to the public. Informaon may be widely disseminated through media outlets, a conference call open to the general public or documents available on the SECs website. Widespread discussion of rumors does not make the informaon public. See Broadcoms Code of Ethics and Business Conduct to learn more about protecng Broadcoms confidenal informaon. Examples of MNPI include  Corporate financial and operang results or forecasts  Significant change in the financial condion of the business  Possible significant merger or acquision or disposion of assets  Significant cyber intrusion, data breach or other IT system failure  Loss or addion of a significant customer, contract or design win  Significant new ligaoninvesgaon or significant development in exisng ligaoninvesgaon  New product announcement or development of a significant nature  Change in dividends or dividend policy  Significant change in corporate strategy  Significant change in senior management C. Other Prohibited Acons or Transacons No Insider, regardless of posion held at Broadcom, may engage in any of the following acvies collecvely, Prohibited Acvies i Trading in Broadcom Derivave Securies Trading in derivave securies may create an appearance that the Insider is Trading on MNPI. You and your Related Persons may not purchase or sell derivave securies of Broadcom stock, such as publiclytraded opons to purchase or sell such securies called puts or calls. ii Hedging Broadcom Securies Establishing a short posion or hedging may create a misalignment of the interests of the Insider and the interests of Broadcom. You and your Related Persons may not hedge Broadcom stock including short sales, forward sale contracts, collars, equity swaps and certain exchange funds. Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 2 iiiMargining or Pledging Broadcom Securies When Broadcom securies are held in a margin account or pledged as collateral for a loan, a default on a loan may cause the lender to sell your Broadcom securies. You and your Related Persons may not hold Broadcom securies in margin accounts or pledge Broadcom securies as collateral. Pledging of Broadcom securies as collateral for loans by execuve officers Execuve Officers and members of the board of directors of Broadcom Inc. Board are not permied without prior approval by the Board and the Nominang, Environmental, Social and Governance NESG Commiee of the Board which may be granted only in very limited circumstances. ivTipping You may not communicate or p MNPI about Broadcom or any Broadcom Business Associate to another Insider or to anyone outside Broadcom, except those who have a legimate need to know the informaon in order to perform their dues at or for Broadcom. II. TRADING WINDOW CLOSURE FOR CERTAIN INSIDERS A. Covered Persons The following Insiders are subject to trading window closures Covered Persons  All members of the Board,  All Execuve Officers,  Certain employees and contractors of Broadcom who have or are likely to have access to MNPI in the normal course of their dues, and  Related Persons of the individuals listed above. Broadcoms Legal Team will nofy you via email if you are a Covered Person prior to the closure of the Trading Window as defined below. Broadcoms Compliance Officer may extend or shorten the Trading Window as he or she deems appropriate. If you have or are aware of MNPI about Broadcom, you may not Trade in Broadcom securies even if you are not deemed a Covered Person. B. Quarterly Trading Window Closure Period A Covered Person may Trade Broadcom securies only during a certain period of days Trading Window, provided that such Covered Person does not have MNPI and, if applicable, has received clearance for the Trade in accordance with this Policy. For Covered Persons, the Trading Window opens on the third full trading day aer Broadcom releases its financial earnings and closes at the end of regular trading of Broadcom stock on the Friday prior to the last three weeks of each fiscal quarter. C. Special Trading Window Closure Period The Compliance Officer may also suspend Trading in Broadcom securies for some or all Insiders, from me to me, as he or she deems appropriate a Special Trading Window Closure Period and together with a quarterly closed Trading Window, a Trading Window Closure Period, and need not provide any reason for such suspension. You will be nofied via email by the Legal Team if you are subject to a Special Trading Window Closure Period. The imposion of a Special Trading Window Closure Period is itself confidenal informaon, and the fact that it has been imposed may not be disclosed to others. Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 3 D. PostEmployment or Service Transacons If a Covered Persons employment or service terminates during a Trading Window Closure Period, the Covered Person will connue to be subject to the Trading Window Closure Period unl the Trading Window Closure Period ends, unless nofied by the Legal Team. III.PRECLEARANCE PROCESS FOR RESTRICTED PERSONS Certain Covered Persons are required to preclear with the Compliance Officer all Trades in Broadcom securies, including providing any gi or donaon of Broadcom securies Restricted Person, unless such Trades are part of an approved Trading Plan defined below. The Legal Team will nofy you via email each quarter if you are a Restricted Person. A. PreClearance of Trades by Restricted Persons All Trades in Broadcom securies by Restricted Persons and their Related Persons must be precleared by the Compliance Officer. Preclearance requests by the Compliance Officer are submied to the Chief Financial Officer for approval. B. PreClearance Process Approval of the preclearance request is in the sole discreon of the Compliance Officer, or in the case of the Compliance Officer, the Chief Financial Officer. If preclearance approval is provided, it only covers transacons that occur four 4 calendar days aer the date of approval. IV.10B51 TRADING PLAN A. Adopng a 10b51 Trading Plan Employees, Execuve Officers and directors of Broadcom may enter into a SEC Rule 10b51 trading plan a Trading Plan that is preapproved by the Compliance Officer. If a Trading Plan is approved and established in good faith pursuant to SEC Rule 10b51 and this Policy, an Insider can buy, sell or gi Broadcom stock under such Trading Plan while in possession of MNPI about Broadcom or during a Trading Window Closure Period. All Trading Plans, including modificaons, must be entered into when you are not in possession of MNPI and only during an open Trading Window period. You may only have one 1 Trading Plan in operaon, subject to limited excepons. In addion, you may not have more than one 1 Trading Plan that covers a single trade within a 12month period. B. Addional 10b51 Trading Plan Requirements Each Trading Plan must meet all of the following addional requirements i Must be preapproved by the Compliance Officer, ii For employees and Execuve Officers of Broadcom, must be executed with Broadcoms designated broker for Broadcoms equity plans, iii Must be entered into in good faith at a me you are not aware of any Broadcom MNPI and contain a representaon cerfying as to the same, iv Must be entered into only during an open Trading Window, v Must permit terminaon or suspension of the transacons by Broadcom at any me when Broadcom believes that such transacons may not lawfully occur, Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 4 vi Must not commence unl the later of ninety 90 days aer adopng the Trading Plan or two 2 business days following the filing of the Form 10Q or Form 10K covering the financial reporng period in which the Trading Plan was adopted, but in any event not to exceed 120 days CoolingOff Period, and viiMust otherwise comply with SEC Rule 10b51. C. 10b51 Trading Plan PreApproval Process Employees and Execuve Officers of Broadcom are required to work with Broadcoms designed broker for its equity plans on the preparaon of a Trading Plan. The Trading Plan must be submied for review by the Legal Team or the Compliance Officer at least one 1 week prior to the proposed date of adopon. D. 10b51 Trading Plan Modificaon or Terminaon A modificaon to a Trading Plan is deemed to be a terminaon of the old Trading Plan and an adopon of a new Trading Plan. As a result, the new Trading Plan will be subject to all of the requirements, limitaons and prohibions relang to transacons involving Broadcom securies that are contained in this Policy, including the CoolingOff Period. However, modificaons that do not change the price, amount of securies or ming of the transacons will not trigger a new CoolingOff Period. A Trading Plan may be terminated pursuant to terms in the Trading Plan. E. Transacons Outside of a 10b51 Trading Plan Transacons outside of a Trading Plan are allowed as long as the Trading Plan connues to be followed, the shares subject to the Trading Plan are not sold outside the Trading Plan, and such transacons are during an open Trading Window period. F. Disclosure of a 10b51 Trading Plan per SEC Regulaon For Trading Plans entered into by Execuve Officers or Board members, disclosure of the adopon, modificaon or terminaon of Trading Plans will be made in the Form 10Q or Form 10K covering the quarter in which the Trading Plan was adopted, modified or terminated pursuant to SEC regulaons. A Trading Plan does not exempt Execuve Officers or Board members from complying with insider reporng requirements or short swing profit rules or liability under Secon 16 of the Exchange Act. V. QUESTIONS The Compliance Officer is responsible for the interpretaon and enforcement of this Policy and will periodically review this Policy with the NESG Commiee. If you have quesons about this Policy, contact Broadcoms Compliance Officer at compliance.officerbroadcom.com. VI.AMENDMENTS This Policy may be amended as needed. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between this Policy and any other materials distributed by Broadcom, this Policy shall govern. If a law conflicts with this Policy, you must comply with the law. Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 5 Appendix A BROADCOM TRANSACTIONS The Board may approve repurchase programs for Broadcom securies at its discreon, including through open market transacons, privately negoated transacons or the use of plans designed to comply with Rule 10b51 and 10b18 of the Exchange Act. However, no Broadcom enty shall, directly or indirectly, buy Broadcom securies while being aware of MNPI relang to Broadcom, other than pursuant to a Trading Plan or as otherwise provided for herein. The Compliance Officer must preapprove any repurchases of Broadcom securies by Broadcom excluding repurchases pursuant to an approved Trading Plan. Any such preapproval shall, absent noce to the contrary, be valid for the following five 5 business days. The Compliance Officer may, at any me in his or her discreon, prohibit Broadcom from trading in any Broadcom securies. The prohibions outlined in this Appendix A shall not apply to repurchases otherwise approved by the Board that do not involve a market transacon, including repurchases related to tax withholding or the redempon by Broadcom or the obligaon to purchase Broadcom securies pursuant to a put right or other similar preexisng contract right or obligaon of Broadcom e.g., a redempon right in the underlying instrument. A. Trading Window Period for Broadcom Except as set forth in this Appendix A, Broadcom may repurchase Broadcom securies only during an open Trading Window and in compliance with the other requirements of SEC Rule 10b18 and this Policy. The Compliance Officer may at any me implement a Special Trading Window Closure Period for Broadcom by noce to the Chief Financial Officer. Whether or not a Special Trading Window Closure Period exists for Broadcom is confidenal informaon and shall not be disclosed to any third party other than advisors of Broadcom with a reason to know such informaon and who are subject to a duty of confidenality. B. Rule 10b51 Trading Plan Broadcom may enter into a Trading Plan to buy Broadcom stock. Trading Plans may be implemented only i during an open Trading Window, ii when Broadcom is not aware of any MNPI about Broadcom, and iii aer receiving pre clearance from the Compliance Officer. A Trading Plan of a Broadcom enty may not be revoked or modified without the prior approval of the Compliance Officer. No Trading Plan may be for a stated duraon of less than 45 days, subject to any earlier revocaon or amendment in accordance with this Policy. Broadcom Insider Trading Compliance Policy Updated December 2024 A1 EXHIBIT 21.1 List of Significant Subsidiaries As of November 3, 2024 Name of Subsidiary Country of Incorporation Avago Technologies International Sales Pte. Limited Singapore Avago Technologies U.S. Inc. Delaware U.S.A. Broadcom Corporation California U.S.A. Broadcom Singapore Pte Ltd Singapore Broadcom Technologies, Inc. Delaware U.S.A. CA, Inc. Delaware U.S.A. CA Europe Srl Switzerland VMware International Unlimited Company Ireland VMware LLC Delaware U.S.A. VMware Global, Inc. Delaware U.S.A. VMware Management Inc. Delaware U.S.A. Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S8 Nos. 333276053, 333275702, 333235753, 333235663, 333228175, 33320933101, 33321529101, and 33322165401 and Form S3 No. 333280715 of Broadcom Inc. of our report dated December 20, 2024 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10K. s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California December 20, 2024 1 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Hock E. Tan, certify that 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10K of Broadcom Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrants other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15e and 15d15e and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15f and 15d 15f for the registrant and have a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrants disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrants internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter the registrants fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrants internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrants other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrants auditors and the audit committee of the registrants board of directors or persons performing the equivalent functions a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrants ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrants internal control over financial reporting. Date December 20, 2024 s Hock E. Tan Hock E. Tan Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Kirsten M. Spears, certify that 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10K of Broadcom Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrants other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15e and 15d15e and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a15f and 15d 15f for the registrant and have a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrants disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrants internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter the registrants fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrants internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrants other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrants auditors and the audit committee of the registrants board of directors or persons performing the equivalent functions a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrants ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrants internal control over financial reporting. Date December 20, 2024 s Kirsten M. Spears Kirsten M. Spears Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10K of Broadcom Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report, the undersigned, Hock E. Tan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13a or 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. DateDecember 20, 2024 s Hock E. Tan Hock E. Tan Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANESOXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10K of Broadcom Inc. the Company for the fiscal year ended November 3, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the Report, the undersigned, Kirsten M. Spears, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13a or 15d of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. DateDecember 20, 2024 s Kirsten M. Spears Kirsten M. Spears Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.